(lp0
VMr Hoagie is an institution. Walking in, it does seem like a throwback to 30 years ago, old fashioned menu board, booths out of the 70s, and a large selection of food. Their speciality is the Italian Hoagie, and it is voted the best in the area year after year. I usually order the burger, while the patties are obviously cooked from frozen, all of the other ingredients are very fresh. Overall, its a good alternative to Subway, which is down the road.
p1
aVExcellent food. Superb customer service. I miss the mario machines they used to have, but it's still a great place steeped in tradition.
p2
aVYes this place is a little out dated and not opened on the weekend. But other than that the staff is always pleasant and fast to make your order. Which is always spot on fresh veggies on their hoggies and other food. They also have daily specials and ice cream which is really good. I had a banana split they piled the toppings on. They win pennysaver awards ever years i see why.
p3
aVPROS: Italian hoagie was delicious.  Friendly counter employee. The restaurant was clean and neat. \u000a\u000aCONS: The pizza was not good.  Pre-formed crust, NOT fresh dough.  The price of the failure of a pizza WAS NOT CHEAP EITHER.  \u000a\u000aI guess the name says it all.  Get the hoagie, pass on the pizza.
p4
aVFirst the only reason this place could possibly win best hoagie is because there's no competition. Two hoagies and a side of onion rings cost $25.74\u000a\u000aSo I'm thinking with the reader choice awards and $10 per 12" hoagie these will be awesome. \u000a\u000aI was sadly mistaken. \u000a\u000aThe only reason I didn't give one star is because is the bread & dressing is fairly decent. \u000a\u000aSo on to the hoagies, the Italian is general run of the mill. Minimal meat and a ton of shredded lettuce. You get more meat at subway. Nothing really special & NOT worthy of the $10 price tag. \u000a\u000aSecond, the steak hoagie, it is atrocious. \u000aNo cheese?!?!? You have to add cheese for $1 so now the steak hoagie is $11. That has so little amounts of meat that I thought I was eating a lettuce & onion hoagie. I am thoroughly disappointed with this hoagie, possibly the worst value of a hoagie I've ever eaten. \u000aI'm not say eating at subway is any better, but for the huge price difference you are better off doing so. \u000aCheck out pasquales down the road, better hoagie & price.
p5
aVNormally, I do not do reviews of an establishment unless the rating is exceptionally great or exceptionally bad.  If I had not felt sucker punched and mugged after I left Mr. Hoagie, I would not be writing this bad review.  On my first and last trip there, I paid $24.59 for two whole hoagies.  \u000a\u000a1) The Italian (ordered because the woman (she) working there told me it was their most popular hoagie) I ordered with lettuce and onions (no tomato, italian dressing which all come free with the hoagie).  I had to pay $1 to add cheese to the hoagie.  Because I was traveling and would not be eating the hoagie right away, I asked for the italian on the side.  She told me there was a charge for the dressing on the side.  I passed on that on principle.  Are you kidding me?  I just saved her money by declining the tomato.  I was not going to pay for the dressing on the side.  At this point, I am certain something is not right and this place appears to me to be in financial trouble.  That pales in comparison to what happened next.  I opened the hoagie and there were three microscopically thin slices of meat on this hoagie.  Ham, salami, and bologna.  Bologna!?!?!?!?    Who in the hell puts disgusting bologna on an Italian hoagie?  That disqualifies that hoagie as an Italian.  The red flags indicating this place is in financial trouble are blinding my view.  One area of this hoagie only had one slice of bologna, no ham and no salami.\u000a\u000a2)  The Steak hoagie came with nothing on it but lettuce, tomato, onions, and dressing.  I ordered it without lettuce, tomato, onions, or dressing.  I asked for mayo on the side.  I had to pay for that so I declined.  Are you kidding me?  I just saved them money by passing on the lettuce, tomato, fresh onions, and dressing!  I paid $3 to add sautéed mushrooms, onions, and cheese.  Here we go again.  Canned mushrooms that were not even cooked through (were still cold) and onions that were still crunchy/undercooked.  News flash:  you need to serve fresh mushrooms that have been sautéed (canned mushrooms are another sign this place is in financial trouble).  I literally had to open the hoagie to find the steak because I could not taste or see it.  The hoagie was 50% mushrooms, 30%onions, 10% cheese and 10% steak.\u000a\u000aI could have personally made 10 whole hoagies with substantial quality ingredients and toppings for the $24.59 I paid for these two whole hoagies.  I intentionally patronize non-chain restaurants to support small businesses.  In this case, Never. Again.  (The hoagie bun was better than average.)  Wake up or you are going to lose your business.
p6
aVI like this place a lot. It's a good toasted hoagie.\u000a\u000aI actually don't like a my bun exploding with meat, but as a previous poster mentioned if you do maybe you wouldn't like this place.\u000a\u000aThe inside badly needs updated though. \u000a\u000aThe staff is friendly.
p7
aVAll the food is great here. But the best thing they have is their wings. Their wings are simply fantastic!!  The "Wet Cajun" are by the best & most popular.  I also like the seasoned salt wings.  Wing Night is Monday & Wednesday night, $0.75 whole wings!\u000a\u000aThe dining area is nice. Very family friendly! The bar is very nice is well.  This place is truly a Yinzer's dream!!  "Pittsburgh Dad" would love this place n'at!!
p8
aVWe checked this place out this past Monday for their wing night. We have heard that their wings are great and decided it was finally time to check it out. Their wings are whole wings and crispy, which is a nice change of pace. I got their wet Cajun sauce and garlic butter wings. The Cajun did not have a bold enough flavor for me and their sauce is too thin. The sauce was also thin for the garlic butter, but that is more expected. They were better than average, but I don't like seeing all the sauce resting at the bottom of the boat. I would definitely come try this place out again to sample some of the other items on the menu, but this will probably not become a regular stop for wings anytime soon.
p9
aVWing sauce is like water. Pretty much a lot of butter and some hot sauce (franks red hot maybe).  The whole wings are good size and crispy, but for $1 a wing the sauce could be better. The hot and extra hot are about the same flavor/heat.  The fish sandwich is good and is a large portion, sides are decent.
p10
aVCold cheap beer. Good bar food. Good service. \u000a\u000aLooking for a great Pittsburgh style fish sandwich, this is the place to go. The breading is light, fish is more than plentiful and a good side of home cut fries. \u000a\u000aGood grilled chicken salads or steak.  Soup of day is homemade and lots of specials. Great place for lunch or bar snacks and beer.
p11
aVPossibly the most overhyped establishment in Allegheny County. If you're not a regular, you will be ignored by those who're tending bar. Beer selection is okay, the prices are good and the service is terrible. I would go here, but only if it was someone else's idea.
p12
aVDecent range somewhat close to the city.  The mats are pretty solid; however, the grass range needs to be tended too.  It's like hitting out of US Open type rough...not very amenable to practicing.  Which kind of defeats the purpose of going to a golf range...Still gets 3 stars because the range is lit up at night which is excellent for those of us who are addicted to this amazing game, but are somewhat short on time (having a job kinda sucks sometimes, no?).
p13
aVOwning a driving range inside the city limits is like a license to print money.  I don't think I ask much out of a driving range.  Decent mats, clean balls and accessible hours.  Hell you need even less people now with the advent of the machine that doles out the balls.  This place has none of them.  It is april and there are no grass tees yet.  BTW they opened for the season this week although it has been golfing weather for a month.  The mats look like the carpet at my 107 year old aunt Irene's house.  Worn and thread bare.  Let's talk about the hours.  This place is equipped with lights yet they only sell buckets of balls until 730.  It is still light out.  Finally lets you have the pit to hit into.  When I arrived I wasn't sure if this was a driving range or an excavation site for a mastodon or a strip mining operation.  There is no grass on the range. Just mud.  Makes it a good tool to figure out how far you actually are hitting the ball.  Oh, they are cash only also.\u000a\u000aBottom line, this place sucks.  The best hope is that the owner sells it to someone that actually wants to make money and service golfers in Pittsburgh.
p14
aVThis place is absolute garbage...  Half of the tees are not available, including all the grass tees.  It is cash only, and they sell the last bucket at 8, despite having lights.  And if you finish even a minute after 8, don't plan on getting a drink.  The vending machines are sold out (of course) and they sell drinks inside, but close the drawers at 8 on the dot.  There are weeds grown all over the place.  I noticed some sort of batting cage, but it looks like those are out of order as well.  Someone should buy this place and turn it into what it should be.
p15
aVBefore I finally made it over to this range I heard the same thing from most people - it's just fine to go work on your swing. I had such a low expectation I was pleasantly surprised. \u000a\u000aIt's a fairly big range - if you are familiar with Scally's in Moon, it seems like it has almost as many tees, though its not nearly as nice a facility. \u000a\u000aThe guys in the pro shop were two of the friendlier guys I've come across at ranges or at courses. Yards were indeed marked and there are some targets to aim for, and even some hazards to aim away from. \u000a\u000aA big red flag to me was the extra charge ($3) to hit off the grass. I am no range expert, but this is the 4th one I've been to and the first I've seen of that sort of nickel and diming....\u000a\u000aPrice for the golf balls was reasonable and I do plan to be back every week until they close up in October for the season. Hopefully, since its for sale, it will reopen as a golf facility again.
p16
aVI drove by yesterday to get a sneak peak.  It re-opens on July 14th and I can't wait to take my kids.  The new range looks amazing.  The entire range appears to be turf, which may or many not help your game, but it looks really nice.  The tee boxes look state of the art and the club house looks like something you'll see on a newer course.  Can't wait to experience it!
p17
aVThis place was DELICIOUS!!  My parents saw a recommendation to visit this place from Rick Sebak's "25 Things I Like About Pittsburgh" and he's usually pretty accurate.  His recommendations were to try the Reuben, Fish Sandwich and Open-Faced Steak Sandwich.  We went early afternoon for a late lunch today (a Saturday) and were seated right away.  The staff is extremely friendly.  My Mom & I each had the fish sandwich, while my Dad & Brother had a Reuben sandwich.  The fish was very good, but the Reuben was to die for!  Both dishes were massive, and could very easily be shared between two people.  On top of being extremely large portions, it was incredibly affordable.  The giant fish sandwich was $8 and the giant Reuben was $7.50.  Our drinks were always filled and we were checked on several times during the meal.  We will definitely be back!!!  Oh and a bit of advice ahead of time - they take CASH ONLY.  So come prepared, but I'm pretty sure I saw an ATM there as well.  And I do believe they are closed on Sundays & Mondays.
p18
aVCan't miss stop for the best Fish Sandwich in Pittsburgh.
p19
aVThis place should have a lot more reviews - but I'm glad it doesn't, they don't need to get any busier.\u000a\u000aIts been there ages, and looks it. If you're all about ambiance, don't bother. If you pretend you're in a movie set in Pittsburgh 30 years ago it works pretty well. The service is sometimes hit or miss. Most of girls are good, one is very slow, one is amazing. They are all friendly and usually a few different people will check in to make sure that you're happy. Everything is made fresh so be prepared that nothing comes flying out of that kitchen - busy times it can take a good while to get food. \u000a\u000aThe food is AWESOME! Worth any little complaints I might think up before it gets there. Once its on the table, I forget them all.\u000a\u000a-Fish Sandwiich\u000a-Salmon (huge and delicious)\u000a-Flounder\u000a-Shrimp a few ways ("Norfolk" style is oily for my taste, and I never had it growing up in Norfolk.)\u000a-Hawkins St Special\u000a-Prime Rib (sized for two, watch it)\u000a\u000aThe prices are low, the portions are large, and just about everything on the menu  is delicious. I'm not one to pick a place because they give you a lot of food, but if you like a good value and don't want to compromise on taste, this place is a gem.
p20
aVThis place was very good. I found out about Emil's when watching a show called "25 Things I Love About Pittsburgh" on WQED hosted by Rick Seback. This place ain't a luxurious restaurant...it's a beer & a shot bar / lounge. But the people are friendly & the food is good. I had the fish sandwich which was great. It ain't in a great part of town, Rankin, but I've been in worse places!! Try this place.
p21
aVOld school.....traditional "mom 'n pop" quality and perfection. The best fish and chips you'll ever enjoy and equally superb fried shrimp. A great out of the way, non-corporate, vestige of Americana. You will love it.
p22
aVSeen this restaurant on 25 best places in Pittsburgh with Rick Seback\u000aack. Went there with my girlfriend she grew up with the owner. She's very nice all employees are super nice service was excellent i had the fish sandwich my girlfriend had the Ruben more than you could possibly eat very reasonable prices. Going back to try the burgers  i heard there enormous and very tasty.
p23
aVWonderful reuben.  Map shown on Yelp page is incorrect. It is actually a different Hawkins.  I'd recommend a call for directions 412-271-9911.
p24
aVGood fish sandwich.
p25
aVAfter a morning of Thrift Store hunting, a friend and I were thinking of lunch, and he suggested Emil's after he'd seen Chris Sebak do a bit on it and had tried it a time or two before, and I had not. He said they had a decent Reuben, but to be prepared to step back in time.\u000a\u000aWell, seeing as how I'm kind of addicted to late 40's and early 50's, and the whole Rat Pack scene, stepping back in time is a welcomed change in da burgh...as long as it doesn't involve 1979, which I can see all around me every day.\u000a\u000aAnd yet another shot at finding a decent Reuben in da burgh...well, that's like hunting the Holy Grail. So looking under one more bush certainly wouldn't hurt.\u000a\u000aSo off we go right at lunchtime in the middle of...where exactly were we? At first I thought we were lost, driving around a handful of very rather dismal looking blocks in what looked like a neighborhood that had been blighted by the building of a highway. And then...AHA! Here it is! And yep, there it was. This little unassuming building with an add-on entrance with what looked like a very old hand painted sign stating quite simply 'Emil's. \u000a\u000aWe walked in the front door, and entered another world. Another time, and another place. Oh, and any Big Burrito/Sousa foodies might as well stop reading now. I wouldn't want to see you walk in, roll your eyes and say 'Reaaaaaalllly?'\u000a\u000aThis is about as old world bar/lounge/restaurant as it gets. Plain, with a dark wood bar on one side, plain white walls with no yinzer pics, good sturdy chairs and actual white linens on the tables. This is the kind of neighborhood dive that I could see Frank and Dino pulling a few tables together for some poker, a fish sammich, and some cheap scotch. And THAT is exactly what I love.\u000a\u000aOh...but good food counts too. \u000a\u000aWe each had a Reuben, and my friend had a side of fries. The Reubens were decent, but not NY awesome. A little too thick on the bread, but overall, tasty and definitely filling. Not too skimpy on the meat. I seriously CRAVE a true, good NY Reuben, but since I can't afford to travel right now, what I find in da burgh will have to do. But as we sat and ate, burgers came out to an adjoining table. Those were some big thick burgers. A steak went past for the table behind us. That was HUGE! And when we asked about it, the waitress said 'Yeah, it's huge and really good, and he only charges $12.99 for it, ain't that nuts?' Another table of five came in, and wham. Fish sandwiches PILED with breaded fish that looked amazing. Yeah, I want that, that, that and THAT!\u000a\u000aMy friend also mentioned that they have a Chicken Parm special one day of the week that is only served UNTIL 4 pm, and that it is fantastic. If only I could GET there on that week day before 4...\u000a\u000aThe waitress did a good job, especially since there was quite a growing crowd at lunchtime on a Saturday, and only one of her. She kept up and was very friendly. \u000a\u000aThey only have Pepsi products, so I had a brewed iced tea, which was very fresh, and she did pop by to ask about refills as often as she could. As the lunch hour went on, they were getting busy.\u000a\u000aEmil's is no frills, good portions, very reasonable prices, VERY comfortable neighborhood hole in the wall...kind of like Cheers, but in a blue collar neighborhood in the 1950's. Fan-freakin-tastic! I could feel at home here.\u000a\u000aYou definitely want to hit Mapquest or plug in your GPS though. I am not sure that I could find it again on my own...it really is a hidden gem. I will be making my friend take me back until I can memorize where the heck it is.\u000a\u000aAddendum: 2nd visit for the fish sandwich. Excellent. Truly. A pound of fish on a fish-shaped bun (as opposed to da burgh's seemingly popular hamburger bun). The fish was flavorful, the batter excellent, and for just $8. This may have been the best fish sandwich I've yet to have in da burgh.
p26
aVThis is a hidden gem, no really. It took us forever to find but well worth it. It is right across the street from the Rankin Police Station. The menu has a wide selection, I really couldn't decide what I wanted but I went with the ribeye sandwich. I'm glad i did too. Huge sandwich! I added mushrooms, it was very flavorful. My boyfriend got the fish sandwich, he enjoyed it as well. Fast and friendly service. Will definitely be back.
p27
aVFrom reading the other reviews, I see this place was on some top 25 places in Pittsburgh list a few years ago.  I haven't seen it myself, but have known of this place for a while before my first visit in 2013.  It wasn't until my almost 80yo buddy, Mr. Italo Donatucci (world's coolest old Italian dude) brought me one of the best fish sandwiches I ever had that I became hooked!  I've had at least 10 since then, but only during the Lent season.  I gave my 5 rating based on the fish sandwich alone.  Try it without a bun also!  Either way you get 3 nice size pieces of fish equal to a pound.  You can have your choice of sides, but I always get the small mac n cheese for my side.  The staff is always really friendly and service is prompt.  It's in a rough neighborhood, but the Rankin police station is right across the street.  Almost every visit there I have seen police officers inside mingling with the locals or picking up lunch orders.  Soon I plan to make a visit that's not a Friday during Lent to try other menu items.
p28
aVAnother divey place we have been going to for years. My dad's favorite, as he knows the original owners. Certain items on the menu are named after the kids. Huge portions, might have a bit of a wait some nights. Huge burgers, fish sandwiches, salads. Decent service.
p29
aVLove my hometown favorites. Cannot beat their fish sandwiches (although I do miss the buns as opposed to the sliced bread...stop that). Always will support Emil's\u000aOther favorites include Reuben, Hawkins Avenue sandwich, Chrissy Club.
p30
aVEmil's is a great place to eat! The prices are VERY reasonable, the portions are HUGE and everything I have ever ordered has been tasty and well prepared. The people who work there are so friendly, as are the customers who eat there. Ample free parking makes it easy to go there. I didn't worry about the area- the police station is right across the street. Don't leave the Burgh without having (1) their fish sandwich, and (2) their Reuben. You will be glad you ate there!
p31
aVI love everything about this place. The food is delicious (yes yes, the fish sandwiches, OK, I agree -- but DID YOU TRY THE MEATBALLS?? holy tamoley), I adore the staff, and I love that there are no windows -- it's its own little hermetically sealed 1950s world of delicious, real food and good people. Lots of places try to create this kind of ambiance, but it can't be manufactured. It takes decades of good food and good vibes.\u000a\u000aAlso, the food is really good. :)
p32
aVI had a hankering for some fried fish tonight and the fish fry at Maximilian Kolbe was going to close before I got home on the bus, and I suggested to my wife and 12 year-old daughter that we try Emil's lounge as WQED's Rick Seback loved the place as did Andrew Zimmern when he visited for the Bizarre Foods America episode featuring Pittsburgh.  \u000a\u000aThe place is in Rankin - a rough around the edges town in the Mon Valley between Swissvale and Braddock.  Don't be put off at first - the outside doesn't have much decoration to speak of and looks like the sort of place that you might think twice about it.  A TGI Fridays it isn't... And thank god for that.\u000a\u000aThe place is well-kept but a little dated -  no fripperies here.  But we're not here for the Decor - we're here for some dinner.  \u000a\u000aThe menu is basic with reasonable prices.  The meats and seafood are high quality and everything is made to order.  Their stuffed cabbage is regarded as the best in  Pittsburgh.  I love stuffed cabbage but I just made a batch a couple of weeks ago and I'm cabbaged out.  Their Ruebens are   also killer (our waitress raved about them).  My wife and I both settled on fish sandwiches.  These are true Pittsburgh fish Sammiches - fresh fried fish in crispy breading, crammed between enormous pillows of soft, yet chewy and crispy Mancini's Italian bread.  No adornments - just a boatload of hot crispy fish.  Emil's uses thick cod fillets piled high rather than a thin fillet that needs to be broken up to fit in the bun.  Truly a great sandwich.  My daughter had the BLT - looked good and on good bread and they weren't skimpy with the bacon.\u000a\u000aThe service was very pleasant and friendly and the crowd was a great group of folks.  We all had fun with 4 other tables when my wife pulled up a Trivial Pursuit game on her iPhone and pretty much everyone joined in and had a good laugh.\u000a\u000aOverall, if you consider yourself a true Pittsburgher - you must visit this place.  It's one of the few places (Big Jim's in the Run is another) where the spirit of Pittsburgh is alive and hungry.  Please go.
p33
aVWe have been coming here for over 30 years, consistantly good food and friendly staff. Vwey reasonably priced and large portions. The owner, Chrissy has taken what Emil started years ago and built it into a place we will return to again and again. Favorites are the fish and burgers, hard to pick one!
p34
aVWe had gone to the Frick Mansion for a tour and I told my friends we were stopping off for a lunch in Rankin. There wasn't much enthusiasm about the location but the reluctantly agreed.  We stopped in front and my wife said we aren't going in there are we? Well once the order the food and enjoyed the best Reuben,  fish sandwich and stuffed peppers they were sold. The owner came over and thanked us for stopping. She is a real asset to the place. The restrooms were spotless, which important to my wife. I have taken places where she had to hover  over the commode. I went back two days later for the hulushki. A real gem a perfect place to eat real comfort food. Don't forget the liver and onions.
p35
aVExcellent fish sandwich, Wonderful Reuben Sandwich, even the stuffed cabbage tastes homemade.   Chrissy \u000aIs a delightful hostess and makes you feel welcome.  Restaurant personnel are pleasant.   I really enjoy visiting Emils when I'm in town   My only regret is that they are closed Mondays.   Worth the trip
p36
aVI wouldnt say the best fish sandwich ive ever had...definitely a huge portion but rather bland and nothing special. Very nice people and good service but i would largely disagree with most of the reviews here. Atmosphere was quite drab, classic western pa corner bar but no windows, poorly lit, and overall fairly dismal.... Clientele seemed to be on deaths door, missing limbs and morbidly obese. Fries were frozen and under cooked. Meatballs were dry and bland as well. I had high hopes but left feeling disappointed, defeated, bloated and like i had swallowed the entire rustbelt in one bite...
p37
aVThis is my fourth time but my first review. It never disappoints! Always home cooking, old school like grandma's house. Don't expect ambiance, but if you're hungry and want nice wait staff, (usually family) squeaky clean, great value and generous portions-way more than I can ever finish, Emil's is your place.\u000a\u000aTonight I had a cup of the chicken dumpling soup that was sooooo good! Very obviously home made. I had a side of onion rings that were perfectly cooked, which doesn't sound fancy, but I still couldn't finish. My husband had the chicken parm. Thursday is Italian night. It came with a huge salad, very fresh, an entire loaf of Italian bread, and a generous portion of nicely crisped and tender chicken breasts. Added to that, a side helping of ziti. My husband enjoyed it very much, the chicken was perfectly cooked. I'm a sauce snob, Italian, allergic to with an aversion to green peppers. To me, there was just a hint of green pepper in the sauce so I probably would avoid anything with red sauce at Emil's but that's just my quirk. I've had the stuffed cabbages there, the fried fish, Ruebens, burgers - all wonderful! Emil was and his family is of Serbian decent. Food is love. We love Emils!
p38
aVI remember the old man 20 years ago eating a giant size hamburger used asked me questions I miss those days food there is spectacular the fish is to die at four if you never been there just put it on your schedule of your things to do and I promise you you won't be sorry.
p39
aVGreat food  & service every visit. They do so many things right there especially taking care of the customers.  I have always received a hello, a follow up on my food, a thank you and then a good bye.  Some many restaurants get away from these simple steps of service. I'm glad Emil's has not.
p40
aVThis is our second time here in two weeks.  We have always liked Emil's, but just haven't been out this way lately.  This is now going to change.  Last week we had the wonderful fish - it has always been good.  Last week we stopped on a Tuesday after golf.  The bartender recommended the special of the day - the Chicken Romano with garlic and olive oil pasta.  It was truly outstanding!  I can't wait to go back and have it again!  The homemade Tomato soup with Asiago cheese was delicious as well.  Thanks Chef Tony!
p41
aVChicken Romano (yes, again - it's that good). My husband had the Shrimp stuffed with crab - wow! Love, love! Thanks KK, great suggestions!
p42
aVI like this course. It's always very well maintained. The carts are in excellent shape, all electric and all equipped with GPS. The greens fees are extremely reasonable and many of the holes are challenging, even if you are a better golfer. It truly has a grand view up and down the Mon, from the Triangle and the Cathedral of Learning to Braddock, the Edgar Thompson Works, Kennywood and beyond. Yet, when you go a few more feet on the cart path, you are in the woods, alone with the abundant wildlife. One caveat- bring an abundant supply of balls. If you golf like I do, one sleeve will not be enough!
p43
aV2nd time playing here. Was in the area for a bowling tournament so a group of us decided to come early and get a round of golf in. The course is hilly and challenging with readable and fairly flat greens. But, as the name suggests, what a Grand View of both the course as well as the surrounding areas. \u000aCarts are in excellent shape and provide you with electronic scoring and course GPS.  The folks here take pride in their course and take very good care of it.
p44
aVChallenging but fun course! Bring plenty of extra balls, I am a novice and lost at least 5. Carts are in great condition and remind you to stay on the cart path (sometimes annoying when looking for balls but safety first) and guide you to the next hole. The pro was very nice and patient with our group as we had to delay teeing off for an hour due to parkway closures. Driving range is nothing to write home about but gets the job done for warming up. Beautiful views and lots of variety of length and layout of holes. I'll definitely be back!
p45
aVThis would be my local haunt, if I were ever to relocate to the Pittsburgh area. What a great little place! Such friendly staff, and some damn good eats!\u000a \u000aIt was so great, that we actually went there twice during our 4-day vacation to catch the Steelers/Ravens game. \u000a\u000aThey have daily sandwich specials. On Thursday night we went and had the special roast beef and cheese sand., and the .35 cent wings. Very, very tasty. I'm sorry, but this place kicks Primanti Bros. butt on the taste factor. They have about 8 different types of wings... reg., garlic, and I can't remember the rest - we got the regular, and I was wishing we would had ordered more.\u000a\u000aGoing back on a Friday night, we ordered the buffalo chicken pizza and a pepperoni n' mushroom.  Wow! That buffalo chicken pizza was awesome.\u000a\u000aThe other thing that stuck out for me was one of the customers. An older gentleman; he seemed to be a regular. I really, really wanted his SPAM t-shirt.
p46
aVA great townie bar with tasty food and an interesting clientele. I went to check this place out on the way home from the airport one Friday night and it didn't disappoint. It is refreshing to walk into a townie bar and not feel like the music stops and everyone in the place is staring at you - I'm guessing the mixed crowd of older hockey fans, young men in collared shirts, and thirtysomethings have probably seen it all during their time at this place. \u000a\u000aThe staff was top notch - the orders were somewhat overwhelming as they appeared short-staffed for the night, but my waitress tried to keep a positive attitude for my entire visit. The other waiter was wearing a hooded cardigan, and I wanted to steal it from him due to my difficulty in finding such a quality article of clothing.\u000a\u000aWe ordered a white pizza - large in size, engulfed in cheese, full of garlic flavor, flavorful hot sausage. An overall delicious pizza, aside from 2 things: 1, way too much grease (I know this comes with the territory, but still, it is sometimes unbearable); 2, CANNED MUSHROOMS - the worst thing to come out of a can. Ever. I would rather eat canned Alpo than canned mushrooms. And if the mushrooms weren't canned, they were just the worst mushrooms I've ever consumed. The mushroom debacle is enough to lower the review by an entire star - disgusting!\u000a\u000aMy advice for the place is keep everything awesome - random music from the jukebox, tasty food, great prices, good crowd and staff - and get some decent mushrooms; why they spoil an otherwise above average pie with such inferior crap, I'll never know.
p47
aVAlexion's has been around forever.  The first time I went in there, I was 19 years old on summer break from college and working at the ice cream factory up the hill.  All of the union guys from the ice cream factory went in there after work, and I immediately found out why.  MANY, MANY years later, I stopped in there with some fond memories, and once again felt welcomed and valued as a customer, even though they didn't know who I was.  THE SANDWICHES are done Pittsburgh-style, sort of like Primanti's, and they are as perfect today as they were back in ancient times when I first started visiting the place.  Alexion's is a clean and peaceful little place in the Rook Station part of Green Tree, the oldest part of the town.  I recall that some of the sandwiches I got there were ordered at a pretty late hour.  Nothing but good things to say about the place, and I wish it was closer to home!
p48
aVGood for cheap drinks and wings, they offer daily specials which is nice. \u000a\u000aDoesnt look like much from outside but the inside is friendly enough, the bartenders have been there for awhile and do a good job. Dont expect to have a HUGE selection of alcohol. \u000a\u000aTheir wings are good as are their salads. If you are gluten free this is not your place...lots of fried food and sandwiches. \u000aOffers a quick lunch.
p49
aVWhat a cool bar/restaurant.. I will no doubt be visiting again.  The service and prices were great.. and the restrooms were clean.   I had the buffalo chicken sandwich and it was delicious.  The menu consists of typical bar food food, however; theres a few different items on there which stand out on the menu..\u000a\u000aA cool bar off the beaten path that is a worth a trip.  \u000a\u000aCheers ! !
p50
aVAwesome drink specials during happy hour. Fantastic wings that are crispy and delicious, wing night on Tuesday and Thursday!
p51
aVGood beer selection. Understaffed for a light Monday night crowd, it wasn't her fault she was the only server. But it took about an hour to get our sandwiches. Mine was one of the best reubens I've ever had.
p52
aVGrew up near here. the family would always go once a month. Haven't stopped in for a few years until last Friday with a few friends to grab a drink. The sandwiches are always amazing just as I remember. The staff is amazing and friendly. Great place for lunch as well.
p53
aVVery disappointed in the customer service. We ordered Reuben's  and wanted coleslaw instead of kraut. They charged us $3.00 for the coleslaw. We will not be back . The iced tea is also terrible tasting.
p54
aVWe met a couple of friends there on a Friday afternoon about 440 pm, based on the Yelp reviews. I've relied on Yelp in over a dozen different cities, never came away with anything less than a positive experience until today. \u000a\u000aWe ordered within 5 minutes of sitting down, there couldn't have been more than 20 people in the place, counting the people on the patio.  Took them almost 40 minutes to serve 3 sandwiches and a salad. I tried the fish sandwich, came out fried extra crispy on the ends, if there is such a thing as fish jerky a third of the sandwich would have qualified, it was just ok. I've had better at almost any church that fries fish during Lent. \u000a\u000aAll 3 of my dinner companions left partial sandwiches  or salad uneaten. Bread french fries and onion rings were good though. Iced tea was good, though I've never seen a place dispense sweet n low like they were giving away their last rock of crack. Asked for sugar but never saw any, they don't carry any other artificial sweeteners besides the pink stuff.\u000a\u000aI may give the place another try in the future for a Reuben or hamburger, assuming today was some aberration possibly due to a cook having a family emergency or something like that. Waitress was pretty good, held up under my multiple requests to find out if they caught my fish yet, hardly ever rolled her eyes :)
p55
aVThe bar is nice enough the servers are attentive enough the food is good enough. Their is absolutely nothing wrong with this place but the problem is it is not a place that will stick out from the crowd. It's kind of lost in the crowd. Pittsburgh is a city full of bars this one is relaxed. It's a great neighborhood bar. And I would come back but it is not a wow that is a great place.  It's just good enough
p56
aVFriendly local bar with great service and good food,  won't be disappointed if you like bar food at a reasonable price.  Good place to go for "Friday fish sandwich "
p57
aVFriendly staff, good food, great beer selection, and relaxing atmosphere. Great wings and the buffalo chicken pizza is the best I've had. The sandwiches are all on thick cut Italian bread and fresh. Definitely  a hidden gem of the Greetree/Carnegie area. Looking for a low key hole in the wall with good prices and great food this is your place.
p58
aVFound this place on Yelp and glad we did. Great beer selection, the sandwiches are wonderful and huge, wings were very good. Family owned establishment and everyone we met was great, the owner, waitstaff and kitchen staff.  If we ever get to The Pittsburgh area again, we will go back!
p59
aVPerfect joint! Don't be afraid as you pull up... It's a nice little neighborhood. Was in town on biz and my hotel was right up the street. Great service, well apportioned servings and unique menu make this place worthy of a check in!
p60
aVI went to Alexions with a co-worker/friend for lunch during lent.  First impression, it was small and packed.  This is apparently a very popular lunch stop.  They have a nice outdoor seating section, but it was closed due to the weather.  \u000a\u000aI opted for their Friday special a fish sandwich with cheese, hold the cheese.  I hate cheese on fish, in my mind it doesn't go well together.  It came with one side and chips.  I opted for cole slaw because that does go great with fish.  The chips were straight out of a bag.  I am not a chip fan, especially not one that Lay's delivered.  It would have been nice to have homemade chips.  The special was 10.50, so I was hoping it would be good.\u000a\u000aThe wait wasn't terrible for as busy as they were, but if you're on a strict time schedule for lunch I'd call ahead.  The food arrived in about 20 minutes.  My fish sandwich though nice size was a little small for the price, compared to other's that are cheaper.  The slaw was nice, good flavor but the fish was average.  I loaded it up with some tarter and cocktail sauce to help the flavor out.  It wasn't a bad sandwich just a tad small and mediocre for the price.  I would stop back to try something else another time and would love to grab a beer here, as they had a really decent selection, and the servers were also pleasant.
p61
aVThis place has a real neighborhood vibe to it, and offers a nice selection of brews along with a decent menu if you're here for a meal. Comfortable decor, decent service and reasonable prices make this a good spot for a sojourn if in the area. The bartender was cool in offering samples of drafts before I selected, and the food (I had wings and zucchini planks - both excellent) was very good.
p62
aVFantastic! Great food, excellent beer selection!  Bartenders are great! It is a great hometown neighborhood bar with good people and friendly staff.  The food is a good selection of var type food with large sandwiches.  Excellent wings!
p63
aVI go here to get away and enjoy a nice drink and great company. The service is always top notch and customer service is awesome. First class management and food.
p64
aVUsed to go there for tires, brakes, etc.  Their prices have gone way up-$400 for 4 mid-level tires for a Toyota.  Plus, 1 of the new tires went flat within 3 weeks.  Since they don"t make appointments,  the wait to get the tire looked at was ~2 hours.  Sorry--can't wait that long to get a warranted repair,  They lost my business for good.
p65
aVI got 'new' tires from them and within two weeks got a flat. I took my car to a local mechanic to see if i could get the hole patched, but they said the reason I had a flat was because the previous patch had blown - WAIT, WHAT? I just got the tire and never needed to have it patched? This was supposed to be a new tire. \u000aI took the tire over to Flynn's and they told me that someone punctured my tire, then tried to patch it. So there are resentful tire slashers? I find that very unlikely. After arguing with the guy and telling him that his logic was far fetched he said he'd give me a new tire "this time". \u000aI will never go back to Flynn's b/c of the way this guy treated me and the simple fact that they gave me a used tire!
p66
aVTerrible. Preordered my tires and when I arrived they couldn't find the order anywhere. Once we got through that process I waited over 2 hours for them to be put on... I was originally told it would take 30 mins. Slow, over priced, I'll go elsewhere next time.
p67
aVContrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing. \u000aAlso, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide. \u000aAnd they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
p68
aVLast summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They "fixed" it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the "manager" didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
p69
aVI got a tire replaced here in Nov. The same tire had a bubble in a few weeks. After some initial challenges, spoke to the manager Keith and the issue was take care off.
p70
aVAwesome experience!   I came in all fatalistic with my flat tire on a workday morning with a full schedule. \u000a\u000aThey saw me and worked on my car like a NASCAR pit crew.\u000a\u000aI was prepared to buy new tires.  They offered to look to see if they could repair.\u000a\u000aThey repaired them.  I saved alot of money.  #integrity #greatcustomerservice
p71
aVI took my wife's car in for new tires on good Friday. I felt that the prices were reasonable, I didn't feel pressured to buy the most expensive tire, and I was out in less than 2 hours with no appointment.
p72
aVMost random location for a mini golf course ever.  This is old school. It's built into the woods (spray yourself for bugs first) right off Forsythe Rd near Carnegie Park.  The candy hut is fun to spend your spare change.  They recently re-carpeted the holes and added a few gimmicks that weren't there before.  It won't knock your socks off, but if you're local, give it a try!
p73
aVThis quaint mini golf course is one of the oldest, yet most original and fun locations that I have yet visited.  Coming from Texas, it was nice to see a course located amongst the hilly and woody Pennsylvanian terrain. It can be frustrating that it is literally impossible to make a hole-in-one on most every hole and that the course also makes it extremely difficult to predict the direction on how the ball will follow through and bounce.  The cartoon-like outrageousness of the course proved to give laughs and a fun attempt to play.  Improvements were being made and I will look forward to returning on my next visit to the Pittsburgh area.  I enjoy traveling and visiting new courses and the only reason why I didn't give this location 5 stars is because it was impossible to intuitively shoot the ball for a best effort to beat par.
p74
aVI think this place is closed. Their number is out of service, sign is gone and the course has not been maintained. Awesome woodsy mess of a course though!
p75
aVI've been informed by a fellow Yelper that they are just closed for the season, I hope they're right! I find it strange they don't keep their phone number in service with a recording and that they didn't cover the course up to protect it from weather, vandalism, etc. Either way, I can't wait to get my game on in the spring!
p76
aVDon't waste your time.  We had two different people come to our house to give us estimates for a deck (one of them the OWNER).  Both times, we never heard from them.  Not a call, not the estimate, nothing.
p77
aVI will start by saying we have a nice new deck. That is where the good part ends.\u000a\u000aWhy two stars if we have a nice deck now? Well, it all started in May when we had a man named Al come out and talk to us about the process. He was a true salesman, I'll tell you that. Not a straight shooter, but an excited salesman that wanted to sell... And we bought into it.\u000a\u000aHe told us they were backed up with the harsh winter and a lot of jobs, but they could probably start by June 24th. Mind you, this was the end of May we met with him. He said they would have to do a survey of our land and get a permit from Dormont before they started. We felt confident in going with them, and booked it.\u000a\u000aHere's where things fell apart. Weeks went by with no word from them on the process. Finally I called and left messages. Al finally got in touch with me and the conversation was utterly confusing. He must have not understood me because he just kept talking in circles. So I hung up not knowing what was going on. Finally I called back and the admin told me that the survey could take a couple weeks to come back. I wish Al would have told us that.\u000a\u000aSo our June 24th date came and went. We finally got our survey. And they were quick to bill us for it, but no word on where we were in the process. I called back a couple times with no real answers from the admin. Apparently they were now waiting for the permit from Dormont.\u000a\u000aA month later, I was frustrated and asked to speak with someone at the company. I spoke with someone who told me that Dormont usually takes a week to process the permit, but we were now going on a month. He told me he would bug the guy about it and we finally got it. \u000a\u000aI completely understand that waiting on the permit is not their fault, but why no communication about it? Just call me and tell me they're waiting for the permit, but they'll work towards asking Dormont what the hold up is. Seems simple.\u000a\u000aFinally we get the permit and work is supposed to start. Tuesday comes and they have to wait for approval from Dormont on holes they're digging. So holes are dug and equipment is put in my backyard and then nothing happens for two days. Where did everyone go? Who knows, because I wasn't informed! \u000a\u000aI was upset and contacted the company owner, Dave, by email. I told him how frustrated I was about the lack of communication. He wrote me two sentences that  said "there will be acres there tomorrow morning to finish and most will be done tomorrow." Well, that didn't happen.\u000a\u000aThen two other dudes show up two days later and did work for about three hours and left. The main guy comes back the next day and says they did it wrong. So apparently the part about how they wouldn't need access to my house changes to they're drilling bolts into my house to secure he deck. \u000a\u000aFinally, the second week into construction, my tiny 10x11 foot deck is done. It was upsetting that they left the deck dirty, and all the dirt and cement they moved around wasn't cleaned up. I even asked them to fill all the holes they dug up and didn't use, and they only filled up one. When you create a construction project, isn't it just good business to clean it up and make it look nice? Didn't happen here.\u000a\u000aMy main point is, contractors have a reputation for not being the most trustworthy. Why be that company? Why not be an upstanding company that consumers can trust? My main issues with them were that things were not communicated to me properly up front, nor was the ongoing process communicated to me. Then they left everything unfinished in my eyes, leaving the site dirty. I understand things happen and things get delayed, but just email or call me. It's not that hard to keep me updated, it is 2014 with a million ways to be contacted.\u000a\u000aEven though I have a nice deck (after I clean things up myself!), I would not recommend them to anyone.
p78
aVWhen I wanted a deck for the back of my home I ended up calling Quaker State Construction. It ended up working very well and they were very polite. I got an estimate and called them to start working out the details of my new deck. Once we got the plans all sorted out they started building my new deck and it was finished with in a reasonable amount of time. I now have a beautiful deck that I can relax and that my family can enjoy. Overall, they did a good job and I would use them in the future for all my deck necessities.
p79
aVOur cat went out the other night and must have gotn into a fight. He was wounded but we could not tell the extent of his injuries. My girlfriend called them today and they made an appt for us immediately.  When we got there, I couldn't believe how friendly and caring they all were. We went into the exam room with doctor Tierney Kelley and a vet asst Sam. They were the best. So gentle and caring. They did not pressure us into any procedures that my cat did not need. They worked hard So we didn't have to leave him over night. This was by far the best veterinarian I have gone to in all my years as a pet owner. This has all become a racket for making money. Doctors don't care about the animals in 90% of the places you go, but Greetree animal clinic is not one of those places. I will be taking my other pets there from now on and recommend this place and Doctor Kelly to everyone I know. Thank you so much again if you read this. Doctors Kelley you're the best.
p80
aVGreentree Animal clinic is the absolute best!  We have had both Dr Mann and Dr. Reuther.  Both are very good, each in their own strengths.  I recently had to have my beloved dog euthanized due to a tumor growing on his hip.  Dr. Mann was very sensitive and caring to my feelings of loss.  He offered to make a clay paw print from my dog after he passed.  He went above and beyond to make sure he had a peaceful passing with me by his side.  Thank you for allowing me that experience, and for guiding me through the process.
p81
aVI cannot praise this place enough. I have worked as a vet tech in a previous job and have had experiences at numerous facilities here in Pittsburgh and Greentree Animal Clinic blows them all out of the water. Key things that you should note about this place:\u000a* They do not over charge\u000a* They only recommend services/things that they genuinely believe will help your pet, not their bottom line and they do not pressure you in any way\u000a* They are respectful and genuine to you and your pet which is hard to come by nowadays\u000a* Everyone from the front desk to the techs, to the vets are kind, patient and understanding. No condescension or poor attitudes, just positive vibes all around. \u000a* Dr Brown goes above and beyond any vet I've ever met. He has shown so much care, professionalism,  kindness and knowledge that I will gladly refer anyone with a pet to him because I know they will be in good hands and his fellow vets (Dr Reuther, Dr Kelley, and Dr Mann)  are just as phenomenal. \u000a\u000aThankyou Greentree Animal Clinic for setting the bar where it should be for all Veterinary Care Facilities.
p82
aVI can;t believe this place has a high rating. I had a bichon, who was seen here since his puppyhood and who was dying. I called to make an appointment to have him put down because he was in great pain. The receptionist would not give me an appointment until one week later, even though she could hear him crying out in pain. Anyway, he died in agony before his appointment. This was in 2010 and I have not taken my subsequent pets to the clinic.
p83
aVThree months ago I brought my 13 yr old golden retriever to this clinic for an ear problem. It was diagnosed and treated.  Shortly after returning home she started to cough and gag like.  I watched her for a couple hours do this and then called the vet to see if maybe she was having an allergic reaction to the medicine they gave her.  She was very uncomfortable.  I asked if they though she needed to come back to the office.  The dr told me that it sounded like she was overheated and to put cold towels on her.  I told him that I didn't think that was the problem because she hadn't been out.  At this point they were open and would be for another hour.   Two hours later I was at a vet hospital with them telling me she is suffering from a heart problem and that they really couldn't do anything for her.  WHAT?!?!  So I found myself having to put her down.  Fast forward to now.  I have a 14 wk puppy that has blood in its stool. They have not seen her yet. I bring in a sample.  Wait 24 hrs.  They leave a message that it's positive and to call for an appt.  I call. She has to wait 4 days to be seen.  WHAT?!?!?   Obviously my pups are out of there for good!  Thanks Greentree for caring for my animals...  Absolutely the worst care in all my experience with vets!!
p84
aVNICE, suppose to be haunted. In carnegie off main st. Closed Sunday during summer. During school season open some nights until 7pm.
p85
aVAwesome historic building high on top of the hill in Carnegie. Home to stage 62, a theatre group that puts on musicals. I recently saw Sideshow and Evita here. Great sound and comfortable chairs, an all around pleasant experience for a pleasant evening or Sunday matinee. Plenty of free parking and at only 18 dollars its a true bargain. \u000a\u000aAnd yes, the rumors are true, this building is haunted.
p86
aVBeautiful restoration of the library and music hall.   Look forward to coming here for shows.
p87
aVI'm not by any means a gear head, I'm lucky I know where to put the gas in my car. I have Triple A in case I get a flat, because I have no idea where my jack is. I took my present car back to the dealership the day after driving it off the lot to have them show me how to turn on my hazard signal, also, to show me how to release the parking brakes, and how to turn on the rear defoggers. Yes, the owners manual was in the glove box, but there was way too much reading involved, and I learn quicker by hands on training.\u000a\u000aAdvanced Auto is a God send for me, when I needed windshield wipers, the ones on the car sounded like a cow being skinned alive each time I turned them on. So, I didn't use them often, which isn't good in a driving rain storm. I walked in and went up to an associate and asked him where the wipers were. Not only did he get me the wipers, he saved me a ton of embarrassment by putting them on for me at no extra charge. I gave him a nice tip which he refused, but I insisted. I also picked up a nice leather steering wheel cover (proud to say I figured out how to put that on without a mechanic!) and a gas additive to clean out my fuel system. \u000a\u000aThis place has everything, and if you're not a gear head, they'll either show you how or do it for you. Great customer service!
p88
aVGreat people... great service... great products... always busy
p89
aVI actually stopped at the one at the Crafton Ingram shopping center but they are all basically the same. \u000a\u000aI had been here earlier this year to get replacement wiper blades. The man who helped me not only gave me his recommendation on what would be good for winter driving but also put them on my car.\u000a\u000aToday's visit was to purchase some general car supplies as a holiday gift. They carry basically everything you need for self service. I'm not overly sure on their pricing but since it is convenient for me I visit it.\u000a\u000aSo far I've been pleased with my purchases.
p90
aVI have never seen a restaurant that has a frowning brownie (a.k.a. Frownie) as their icon, mascot, or spokesperson.  King's Family Restaurant has surprised me with this.  I think it might be in direct dialogue with Eat N' Parks smiling cookie -- funny (funny odd, not funny ha-ha).  We were seated rather quickly by the manager.  Very nice people work here, I was happy to find that even though they had closed a section, the server was willing to stay longer to serve us our dinner.\u000a\u000aWe chatted with the server a little bit -- she was quite engaging -- and then moved on to order our meal:\u000a\u000aTea\u000aPepsi\u000aOpen-faced Hot Turkey Sandwich with mashed potatoes and gravy\u000aBuffalo Chicken strips with mashed potatoes and macaroni n' cheese\u000a\u000aOur drinks arrived and our server conversed with us some more about the area.  She would leave every couple of minutes to check on our food and to make certain that her other tables had everything they needed.  Eventually, our entrees arrived -- both piping hot.  I went straight for the macaroni and cheese.  It didn't taste bad, but I swear that it is made by Stouffers.  I didn't feel the need to eat that much knowing that there were other things to eat.  I tried the mashed potatoes and found that they too came from a package; but, again, they didn't taste bad with the brown gravy.  I moved on to the main part of my meal -- the buffalo chicken strips.  At least they were all white meat and the buffalo sauce was more than just mild.  I contented myself with eating them.  \u000a\u000aI tried some of the hot turkey sandwich and just left the rest for my friend since it was not fresh cut turkey but instead luncheon meat that had been heated.  I finished off my dinner and was happy in the end.  No, it wasn't the best food in the world, but the service greatly helped the perception and it didn't taste bad.
p91
aVSo... back in the late 90s, there used to be this super-kick-ass cinnamon ice cream, like an apple pie ice cream without the apples or the pie crust.  SO DELICIOUS!\u000a\u000aHowever, NOW there is some shit-tastic replacement that tastes like vanilla ice cream with last year's red-hot in the middle: totally gross.  Fortunately, our server was nice enough to warn me about the change and bring me a sample, so I only had to suffer the death of a childhood memory rather than also having to pay for it.\u000a\u000aThe portions are big and filling, just don't come for the ice cream.
p92
aVIve pretty much been eating at various Kings' pretty regularly since I was a child when my parents would take my sister and I into the Fox Chapel location often.  Lately me and my girl have been visiting the Heidelburg location. I love the food, it really tastes homemade, much like something a grandmother would make, complete with gobs of butter and side dishes. Prices are low, selection is great, but dont expect fine dining by any means. \u000a\u000aService is hit or miss at pretty much all of them; if you have lunch at any Kings, you will likely be waited on by a sweet but sarcastic  older lady who has been doing the waiting thing for 30 years and knows her game. Seek out this lady.  My experience with the younger crowd at night isnt the same.\u000a\u000aIm in my 30s now, and very little has changed, other than the Fox Chapel location was remodeled about 10 years ago to look less like a diner, which was a big fail.  Any girl I meet has to enjoy Kings or she's out.
p93
aVHoofah.
p94
aVI heart King's. I've always been a fan and this one was as good as my old one in Monaca.
p95
aVI arrived around 10 am on a Saturday morning.  I was greeted by the hostess,who was polite and friendly, and I informed her that I was alone.  She had just arrived, as well, and wasn't exactly sure what was going on yet, so she asked (the manager?) where she should seat me.  After receiving guidance, she brought me to a table towards the back.  It had not yet been cleaned after the previous guests had dined.  So, she quickly got it cleared off, grabbed a rag, and wiped it down.\u000a\u000aThe waitress came rather quickly to take my drink order.  She was extremely friendly.  I ordered coffee and water, which she went and got while I looked over the menu.  She returned, and took my order.  I ordered the Cinnamon Swirl French Toast Special - Three slices of French toast made with Pittsburgh's own Jenny Lee® Cinnamon Swirl, two farm-fresh eggs, with bacon or sausage (I chose sausage), and your choice of potato (I went with the cheesy hash brown casserole).  I also added an orange juice.  She went and put my order in, while I waited, and came back with it after not too long.   The eggs were cooked exactly how I wanted them, the cheesy hash brown casserole and the french toast were both delicious.  I also enjoyed the sausage which was pretty typical.\u000a\u000aKings Family Restaurant featured a very friendly staff, great prices, and tasty food.  I am pleased and will definitely come back again.
p96
aVBreakfast Time!\u000a\u000aI stopped by the Kings Family Restaurant prior to grocery shopping.    I have never been to a Kings Family Restaurant since moving to Pittsburgh.   There are several local establishments.\u000a\u000aThis particular location has pretty good food at a great price.   It is similar to a Cracker Barrel and / or Bob Evans.   I ordered something very hearty - Country Fried Steak , Eggs, and Cheesy Potatoes.\u000a\u000aThe food and coffee were good.    The service was excellent. \u000a\u000aI will go back.  \u000a\u000aBreakfast runs from $5-8.   \u000a\u000aMy breakfast cost me just over $10 - very comparable to Cracker Barrel / Bob Evans.
p97
aVGood service but the last 2 times we've gone there have been hairs in my son's kids meal.. A bit disappointing.
p98
aVAverage run of the mill store.  Associates are young teens and they really don't know where anything is.  Luckily I am able to get around to find everything.  Found my puppy treats and moved on.
p99
aVNot bad for a Shop N Save, most are privately owned, so availability of items might differ from place to place. The only time I frequent S n S is when the have their huge two day sales usually held on Thursday and Friday at least once month.\u000a\u000aGood bakery at this location too.
p100
aVThis SnS and the one in Bethel Park are my two favorites.  Staff always friendly and the deli staff in both locations are great!  In my experience, if teen staff don't know where something is, they ask another staff member.  Shopping these two stores is as pleasant as it gets.
p101
aVOne of the biggest,  cleanest, busiest shop N saves I have ever been to. Nice friendly staff. Great layout. And again, so clean!!!
p102
aVThis place went from great to horrible. First visit was for a flat tire and recommended. Absolutely no problems. Now when I needed my car inspected in June, they put SNOW TIRES on my car. NOISY snow tires in the summer! I told them I didn't want these tires and they told me I would have to come back the next day and talk to the owner. When I went back the owner told me they weren't snow tires. The tires were called BLIZZARDS! I told him they are too noisy. He told me to come back another day. I tried and tried but he NEVER had the time. Very rude and once they get paid have no ethics.
p103
aVMy wife recently went to buy 4 "used" tires to replace her balding tires. While there she also got an inspection. The person working only sold her 2 tires that were needed and said her other two were fine. She also had no way home so had to sit and wait for everything to be done. Since she was waiting they did the inspection right away. They had a chance to oversell her products and didn't. I can't think of a better way to promote a mechanic business than by not ripping off your customers because they don't know better. Thank you for your great service and your honesty. The "used" tires are great. We just had a snow today and they did perfectly. The price couldn't be beat either. $180 total for 2 tires installed, inspection and emissions.
p104
aVUnfortunately, I only have one complaint about this dry cleaners. It was well kept and clean inside. The man waiting on me (I'm guessing the owner) was very nice, both dropping off and picking up, even though I lost my ticket. Turn around time was OK for a cleaners that don't do cleaning on premises. What's my problem then? Price. My daughter's dress was $18 to clean. I think that's close to what I paid for it. My ladies shirts were $6/unit. Maybe I'm not calibrated on Pgh prices but this seems outrageous. My search continues for a neighborhood cleaners. BTW, they do men's tailoring there on-site and it looks like it might be a big part of their business. I would try them again for that (after I check costs!)
p105
aVNever go to Rossi Tailoring and Dry Cleaners 393 Vanadium Road Pittsburgh, PA 15243. I decided to use a local business to do my dry cleaning. I dropped off 3 shirts at this establishment just before Thanksgiving. It is now late January. I have stopped by more than a half dozen times and have been given only ONE of the shirts. They have offered $20 a shirt for the shirts they lost. Those shirts are worth at least $50 each, and I refuse to take under $30 for each. I am tired of the run around, tired of promised phone calls that never happen (they have NEVER called me).  I wouldn't use their services again if you paid me to.
p106
aVI went to Rossi's for my first time, two weeks ago. I had two suits and one jacket tailored. Everything was ready in less than two weeks. These suits were brand new and on the expensive side. I didn't know who to trust them with. I went to Rossi's because a friend highly recommended them. My friend had a tuxedo custom made by Rossi's. \u000a\u000aI am extremely happy with the end results!\u000a\u000aI wanted a European cut on jackets and no break on the slacks; a nice tailored look. The suits look awesome. I'm going to go through my closet and take some of my older suits to be tailored (some of my older suits are a little looser fitting; I now like the more tailored European look). Juliano (the owner) will shorten the length of my jackets, take the sides in and shorten my slacks. They'll look brand new.\u000a\u000aAs for the price, I'm very happy. I wouldn't go to the cheapest barber in town (for obvious reason). I feel the same about a good tailor. As for the service, they couldn't be nicer. \u000a\u000aThanks for a job well done!
p107
aVI want to write the greatest review Yelp has ever seen. I want Yelpers from all across this great land to read this review and think to themselves "I wish I could write a review like this one." This review must be honest, to the point, be the subject of debates and casual comversation. It should be humorous too, not so humorous that it loses it's methodology. It should make you want to go to this establishment and see it for yourself. When you get here, you fall to you knees and scream "It truely is indeed a Mecca" \u000a\u000aThis review must compel Yelpers from all over the world to come to Pittsburgh to see this attraction that I have  written about. I want people from India, Canada, Mexico, Italy, Germany, France, and even the little countries like Wyoming and Pluto to gather here and praise me to the highest, seat me at right hand of you know who, and sing me the Ava Maria and Bett Midler's version of The Boogie Woogie Bugal Boy.\u000a\u000aOnce I leave this big blue marble, I want people to remember me as the man who wrote the greatest Yelp review ever. People will bring children to my grave and say to them "you should read his review, for it was the most honest, thoughtful, and heartfelt review ever written. Flawless, it flows like a gentle brook on a spring day." My reviews will be the subject of future thesises, lectures, and studied by philosophers.\u000a\u000aAnd now, without further adeu, my greatest review...\u000a\u000aThis is a gas station.
p108
aVReal talk: \u000a\u000aI took my car through the carwash here once, got a nasty gouge down the side, and the guy at the counter didn't seem to care. \u000a\u000aThe car wash has since been decommissioned, which is totally OK because the getgo carwash across the street is excellent and better in every way.
p109
aVTypical BP. Usually pretty crowded in the evening due to location on Washington but never had to wait to long. Staff is pretty nice and always pleasant. Can't comment on the coffee or anything else because I only ever get gas.
p110
aVStation is closed.  Sign is blank and all fixtures from the store have been removed.
p111
aVTwo meals, on the recommendation of a friend who lives near the place, and after the second trip, I was compelled to write. 'Rocky' would definitely describe the experiences.\u000a\u000aOn the first trip, I went to try their (at that time)raved about Reuben. And YET to find a true good Reuben in da burgh, I tried it.\u000a\u000aWell, they were out of the proper bread, and the guy had to run to the store to buy the closest thing he could find, which was not the proper bread, and instead of one of their 'raved about' Reubens, I received two mini-Reubens, which basically took the guts from one Reuben, and spread it out onto two sandwiches on regular sized bread. I ate it. It wasn't great, but they swore it was because they'd run out of the bread. Bread or not, it still wasn't great. The atmosphere was pleasant in that 'blue collar bar' kind of way, and the staff was very nice, but not a winning pitch on the Reuben.\u000a\u000aThe second trip was after a long day of moving furniture with the same friend. Sat in the back room, instead of the bar, which felt more like a restaurant, of course, with the big screen TV covering the sports of the moment.\u000a\u000aI was in the mood for dinner this time, and after a scan, decided on fried chicken and mashed potatoes with the salad bar. My friend ordered one of her faves, the breaded pork chops.\u000a\u000aWe hit the salad bar, which was uber-basic. Three soups (mostly vegetable loaded, which left me out), basic iceberg lettuce mix (very probably out of a bag), a few veggie toppings, and three or four dressings. It was a basic salad, no big deal. More or less an appetizer filler before the meal.\u000a\u000aThe mind-blower in this trip was the ordering of the fried chicken dinner. Our waiter looked like a 19 year old gas station attendant, skinny little blonde guy with a sweet but incredibly naive face, and an air of vapidity, which was confirmed when I placed my order. I asked what chicken pieces came in the dinner, and asked if it was possible to only get dark meat. I never imagined how confusing a question that could possibly be. It literally took him two trips back to the kitchen to 'ask', and the child honestly had no clue what 'white meat' and 'dark meat' meant. The first answer he came back with was that the chicken came in a pre-portioned prepared bag, kind of Kentucky Fried Chicken style...which didn't answer my question, thus prompting the second trip. \u000a\u000aAfter the second trip back I heard the cook holler 'Tell him I'll fix him up'. \u000a\u000aWell, the chicken was prepackaged dreck like you'd find in the freezer case of Walmart, tiny and not good, and the potatoes had that slight tinge of chem-spuds flavor, laden with some kind of chopped up green (parsley?), and a side of that basic brown gravy served up in 5 gallon buckets.\u000a\u000aThank goodness for the basic salad bar.\u000a\u000aEven my friend admitted that her pork chops were different and not what she'd expected. They also appeared to be from a freezer bag.\u000a\u000aThe irony was that the boy who didn't know white meat from dark meat, was chatting with some other customers...about baseball...and he was a genius about the mindless sport of baseball. Ahhhh da burgh.\u000a\u000aThird base? Nah...why bother when there are so many other options around. Go on in a grab a beer and chat black and gold if you happen to be in Carnegie...they can help you out all types of ways in that area. Just don't go hungry if you actually have tastebuds.\u000a\u000aFrom what I understand it 'used to be' really good homecooked food. But apparently, mama has left the kitchen.
p112
aVThis place is dirty and smells food is reely bad I took it home and feed it to the dog. Hope he don't get sick from the food like I did.
p113
aVIf you are searching for a go to fish place for Lent....look no further.  This place will give you the best fish sandwich in Pittsburgh.  The sandwich has enough fish to make four sandwiches.  You will not be able to finish this sandwich in one seating.\u000aEnjoy....
p114
aVThis is a great little gem!  On my last visit to Pittsburgh I was looking for a nice bar/pub/lounge to grab dinner and watch a Penguins playoff game.  A friend of mine who lived in the area recommended Rocky's.  As I walked in the door I was pleasantly approached by the server and shown a table. It was clean, welcoming and the lounge was busy. It was Friday night and the special was the fish fry.  I ordered the fish and in the meantime I sipped on a draft brew.  The order was delivered to my table in no time.  The fish and sides were tasty and the portion size was large. As I was watching the game and enjoying the heck out of my dinner I noticed a dessert case with a nice selection of cakes.  Well needless to say I got a togo box for what was left of my dinner and ordered a slice of cheesecake.  Another good choice!  At the end of night the Penguins couldn't pull off the win over the Rangers but I definitely have a new "go to" when I'm in town.  Another star could be added for a smoke free environment.  I don't smoke but I understand they have a nice outdoor area for those who do.
p115
aVRocky's has been in business since the 1980s and still going strong.  Their food is good.  Not haute cuisine, pretentious!  Everyday, well prepared and taste bud pleasing home style cooking.  I've mostly gone during supper hours and  and ate in the dining room, but, today I introduced an old friend to "linner" in the bar.\u000aHe ordered the large version of fish sandwich.  Rocky's is famous for their fish.  Three large breaded and fried fish filets, bun and fries for under $10.  Needless to say, he had no complaints and brought home more than he ate.\u000aI ordered the meatball grill.  It was delish.  Served on thick cut Italian bread and made "grilled cheese" (mozzarella) style.  Meatballs and tomato sauce are both good!  Also, served with fries.  I brought home half the sandwich.\u000aAnother good meal there.  Friends, mother, and former boss all enjoy their food!
p116
aVItalian dinners, American, endless soup and salad bar is great. Most food for your dollar. I highly recommend. Great bar. Good place to watch a game. The bar can get quite noisy in the evenings, but it adds to the great atmosphere at Rocky's
p117
aVI have been to this place a million times over the years. Have been there during the years it was less than clean, to the present where it is almost clean. This place is a neighborhood standard that for some reason compels you to return, even if your experience was less than stellar. Fancy it is not. Gourmet it is definitely not. Every item on the menu seems to come from a can, bag ,bucket or box. The wait staff is often clueless and changes like the wind. I have never had the same server twice. But the fact is you get a decent meal for a decent price and always have a little to take home. Yes, the salad bar is very basic. Not every item is a fresh as it should be. The iced tea often takes on the taste of Lord knows what. However,  the fried fish dinner is one of the best I have had anywhere in Picksburg. Their meatloaf is terrific as are several of their hoagies. In a nutshell, this place has a lot of flaws. Like we all do. A few upgrades like a better wait staff, fresh gravy instead of their gallon bucket brand, homemade sauce instead of whatever canned stuff they are using would jump this review to 5 stars. Rocky's is worth going to. You will definitely find something you like and you will definitely go back. Decent food, decent price, good portions and an overall pleasant experience.
p118
aVGreat local bar. Theresa does a great job. Sandwiches are excellent. Recommend meatball, reuben, burger, fish sandwiches.
p119
aVTo be clear this is not a fancy place by any means. The decor is a little dated and leaves a lot to be desired. The food is basic and simple, but it is delicious. Sometimes simple is better; This is definitely one of those times.
p120
aVGenerous portions of really great food.  Best fish sandwiches.  Not fancy ...real food for real folks !
p121
aVIf you want a true understanding of Pittsburgh in the morning, come here. This greasy spoon is always packed, and is one of the better of its kind south of the city.\u000a\u000aThey serve waffles in halves, which is great. The eggs and toast are good, the homemade hot sausage is excellent. The drawback are the barely cooked potatoes.\u000a\u000aIf you're hungry, get "The Mixed Grill"... Gab and Eat's brand of the "kitchen sink" breakfast that all Midwest places are about.
p122
aVGood Luck getting a seat, that's all I have to say. The Gab and Eat is famous and infamous. Diner food is what's up and I like it. When I was a roofing mechanic, we'd meet there before work. Although I'm not sure I would recommend it if you're working were there's no bathrooms. hehe
p123
aVStick to basics and this is the best place in or around the 'burgh.  First time go with a friend and sit at the counter.  Short order cooking at it's best, it's like a floor show with the actor's backs to you.  Breakfast has no losers.  Eggs, omelets, pancakes, waffles, breakfast sandwiches to order, the ever popular mixed grill, get a 1/2 Louie instead of home fries (although they good as is) and don't forget the italian toast.\u000a\u000aFrequently voted the best burger in Pittsburgh for a reason.  As for ambiance, well lets just say I don't think there are two matching plates or coffee mugs in the joint.  But the coffee's good and hot and refreshed often as the service is good, andlocal with many long time folks working here.  If I don't get there for awhile I need to go through detox because I feel too healthy.
p124
aVThe biggest breakfast in Pittsburgh, as far as I can tell - and delicious and cheap too. I ordered some mix of eggs, bacon and pancakes - and got 2 dinner-sized plates, one loaded with pancakes and the other stuffed with eggs, bacon, and home fries. Oh, and a side of toast. For under $5, if I recall.\u000a\u000aHUGE portions, all well-executed; as good as DeLuca's.\u000a\u000aI've not had anything besides breakfast, so can't comment on the burger or anything else.\u000a\u000aCramped quarters, and you'll have to wait, but when nothing but monster morning food will do, this is the destination.
p125
aVOkay, let's first set expectations.  This place is a true DIVE...this is not for the NYC foodie crowd.  If you want a down home, large portion awesome breakfast, this is the place.  The place is packed with happy diners, the server was very friendly in a busy grandma kind of way.  The best part - they have "dippy" eggs on the menu and define the degree of dippy you can order.  For anyone who has never heard of a "dippy" egg - this means sunny side up or over medium where the eggs are still runny and you can dip your bread in them.  The eggs were great - I ordered mine over medium, the breakfast potatoes were fab - no complicated additives like peppers or onions - just plain good potatoes cooked in fat - the best part - the fresh Italian bread.  YUM!!!
p126
aVI miss this place. When I return home to pittsburgh this is always a must to ease myself into a saturday morning recovery after getting banged up on cheap south side cocktails the night before. When I think of pittsburgh, I remember cutting morning classes in highschool just to get after the best bacon egg and cheese i know of. Honestly i live in nyc where you can get a bacon egg and cheese on every single corner, and nowhere that i have been does it as well as this joint. Go here and you will be happy you did.
p127
aVI've lived in Pittsburgh for 6 years, and in Carnegie for over 2 years, and by far, this is the best greasy spoon joint I've found. If you can stomach the wait (no reservations, naturally), you'll enjoy overflowing plates of goodness, thanks to the well-seasoned griddle where all of the food is made. \u000a\u000aHere are the highlights:\u000a\u000a-Cheap: Breakfast for two can be well under $10, with lunch around the same.\u000a-Crowded: Get there early and expect to wait. They close pretty early on the weekends too (oddly, at 12:45pm)\u000a-Cash only\u000a-Huge portions: When ordering fries or homefries, always get the half order, unless you're a lumberjack\u000a-About those homefries: They're often undercooked. I've had better, believe me. My favorite things to eat in life are potato products.\u000a-My favorite item: hot sausage sandwich on thick Italian toast, with cheese, lettuce, tomato and mayo
p128
aVLove this place.  Never had a bad meal.  Good portions and great people.  Be ready to stand in line.
p129
aVMy favorite breakfast place.  Have good sandwiches also.  Stopped again for Bfast and had the mixed grill--get the small portion unless you are a real MAN!  Mixed grill has sausage, (could it be Ricci's?), eggs, onions, and home fries, soooo goooooooood!  Use Mancini's bread for toast, got the raisin toast - Yum.  \u000a\u000aHave had many other items and just love the food.  If you like to watch a true cook, sit at the counter.  Banter with the cook and staff and patrons is fun!\u000a\u000aLunch is good, sausage sandwich, hamburgers and other lunch meats fried on the grill.\u000a\u000aGets busy for Bfast so you may have to wait.\u000a\u000aRemember it is a diner.  Don't expect fancy decor.
p130
aVJust left grab n eat, the food was awesome and the service was great.  Tiny place with a friendly atmosphere.  The homemade italian toast is wonderful.  I suggest the mix grill with a side of sausage, which is homemade.
p131
aVDefinitely a greasy spoon! Always packed here and always a wait but worth it. The omelets are really tastey especially with their homemade sausage. I also like the mixed grill.  My parents love their burgers. Took off a star for lumpy booths and really tight tables (your arm gets hit when someone walks past) oh and waitresses aren't very attentive.
p132
aVGreat homemade hot breakfast sausage and a wonderful family restaurant feel. \u000a\u000aReminds me of the one my parents used to own in Mi. \u000a\u000aHave fun finding a table on the weekend :)
p133
aVGreat breakfast place. Come hungry. Look for Dick, my dad, and Gino at the counter every a.m. about 0830 and say hi. Try the mixed grill (half).
p134
aVOK, what is with all of these "CASH ONLY" places in Pittsburgh? I can appreciate that some smaller businesses might have trouble installing a credit card system in their store/resturant, but could you perhaps provide an ATM?  In the past, this would deter me from eating at this place. \u000a\u000aLooking at a standard breakfast menu, I decided to go with a tuna melt instead. What I got was a cold tuna salad sandwich with a slice of cheese on toast. I had ordered a melt being in the mood for a warm meal, but to no avail. One day later I can't even remember what my side was. I suppose it didn't leave much of an impression on me.  I have to say that the dessert was really good! The cherry pecan pie! I have not seen this concoction anywhere else but this was awesome! The cherries were not the sweet canned variety, but a pie worthy tart topped with sugar. I think I want to make this pie with my parents next harvest of our cherry tree!\u000a\u000aMy first impression is "Eh."  I am learning how crazy Pittsburghers are over breakfast! Seriously, waiting 30 minutes for a table at a tiny diner with a menu that reads as follows:  \u000a\u000a"2 eggs and toast $x.xx"\u000a"2 eggs, meat, and toast $x.xx"\u000a"2 eggs and pancake $x.xx"\u000a\u000aI'd rather go to a Denny's and order the "create your own Grand Slam!"
p135
aVBEST DINER IN THE COUNRTY!!! We've been to many famous diners across the country and we still give  Gab and Eat the best rating !! I was a little intimidated when I first walked in and there was like 2 pounds of butter just sitting on top of the homefires on the grill.  If you are looking for a healthy breakfast they probably can accomodate you, but Everything I ate was clearly the opposite of healthy.  After trying like every meal they have I would recommend the mix grill(half unless you are sharing) adding cajun seasoning with the texas toast.  Burgers are great too.\u000a\u000aIt's hard to find a place that makes a better breakfast than you could make by yourself at home, but this place does it.  The atmosphere is classy, old school Americana.
p136
aVBest French toast ever!! Love the friendly atmosphere, and especially the breakfast. Never been disappointed. You have to try French toast with raisin bread too... yummy!
p137
aVGreat Diner!  Their breakfast is the best in the area!  Lots of  choices and always good.  Love the unique mugs they use for coffee and all the writing on the wall.  Get there early otherwise you will not get a seat!  They have homemade hot/sweet sausage and texas toast.
p138
aVReaders of my reviews may recall that I once referred to The Dor-Stop as possibly the best breakfast in Pittsburgh.  Well, faithful followers, I must now admit that The Dor-Stop has now been verified as only one of the best.  Why?  That's because Gab and Eat I have now found to be THE best breakfast I've ever had.  If it was closer to my home I would quickly become a regular.\u000a\u000aI easily decided to order the Mixed Grill (Half).  Before I go on, I must ask...has anyone seen a full order?  Because I honestly can't imagine how much food that is.  I created my own with bacon, cheese, eggs and potatoes.  Based on reviews I also opted to get a side of the sausage and was pleased as punch when our waitress asked if I wanted hot or sweet....or one of each.  I like variety, so I jumped on the change to try both.  I also selected the Italian toast - what other kind is there, really?  \u000a\u000aWhen my food arrived, it looked delicious.  There was so much bacon that after eating half of my Mixed Grill it looked like I'd barely started.  The sausage was great, just don't ask me which one I liked best.  My toast?  4 thick slices that looked to be about half the loaf and were buttered on both sides. It was a struggle, but I was determined to enjoy every tasty morsel and not leave a crumb.   \u000a\u000aIn case anyone is wondering, yes, they use real butter.  I saw pounds of it stacked in the kitchen with my own two eyes.  The wait staff was quick and efficient as well as helpful and friendly with our larger group of 9 people.  The fact that none of the plates match and I noticed a sign at the front register that said, "We need mugs" just makes me love this place even more.\u000a\u000aA few tips: 1.) Order the Mixed Grill.  2.) Cash only!  3.) Gab and Eat is a popular place but also very small and narrow (or cozy if you will).  I recommend going during the week when they are still busy but can accomodate a group.  That way you won't feel rushed or crowded.  4.) Get to Gab and Eat ASAP!  You'll be glad you did!
p139
aVClassic breakfast joint.  Grimy looking hole in the wall located on one end of a seedy looking strip mall.  Window is opaque due to the grease so you can't hardly see inside. On the outside, there are about a dozen people waiting to get in.  When you finally do get inside, you see that there are 15 tables and a counter, all occupied by people from all walks of life.\u000a\u000aWhat's the attraction behind this flea hole?  The FOOD!  Lots of it and dirt cheap.  I sat at a vacant stool behind the formica counter and ordered the mixed grill.  Potatoes, eggs, sausage, bacon and Italian toast.  A giant mound of food guaranteed to sooth any hangover.  I swear the full mixed grill had two pounds of food.  Neat thing is that the grill is right in front of you so you can see your potatoes and eggs frying in a pool of fresh grease.  All that food, plus coffee and tip for around ten bucks.  Cash only, so put that plastic away.\u000a\u000aOnly bad thing that could happen is some douche bag from the Food Network or Travel Channel will make this place famous, and then I'll never be able to get in.
p140
aVYum - freaking - me!\u000a\u000aAs the other fellower yelpers mentioned - this place is a cash only.    A couple of recommendations:\u000a\u000a- Don't eat early in the week \u000a- I don't recommend wearing any tight clothing (no skinny jeans) - you will not be skinny when you leave\u000a\u000a\u000a I walked in for breakfast one early weekday AM.   The place was packed with locals and regulars.    A very good sign.\u000a\u000aMy co-worker recommended I get the mixed grill.   I ordered the large mix grill.   My waitress tried to warn me - it is large (very large).    I ended up eating the left-overs for the next 2 days.\u000a\u000aFood - \u000a\u000aThe Mixed Grill comprises their homemade sausage, grilled onions, grilled peppers, potatoes, fried eggs.     \u000a\u000aPortion -\u000a\u000aThis should have been a man vs food episode.   I was not going to attempt to eat all the food.   It was really good.\u000a\u000aService - \u000a\u000aMy waitress looks as if she had been working there for years.   She was fast, friendly, and offered good advice.\u000a\u000aPrice - \u000a\u000aThe cost ranges $5 - 10.\u000a\u000a\u000aI will definitely go back after I buy some new stretchy pants.
p141
aVBest breakfast spot in the area, If you like diner food it is the place to go. Small, so you will want to avoid the church crowd on Sundays, but the wait is never too long.  Everyone is friendly and has obviously been working there for a while.  If you are feeling like lunch food go a little later, their burgers are made on the breakfast griddle and are delicious.
p142
aVGood local spot to grab breakfast. Good prices for the amount of food you get. You can sit at the booths or at the counter
p143
aVGreat breakfast, good price. You might have to stand outside in line though, so I don't really recommend winter time to go. lol. Very friendly service, interesting coffee mugs. They have great deserts and such also. Bring your cash though as they dont' take cards.
p144
aVI always love a good diner.  Gab and Eat was just what we were looking for on a Saturday morning.  Good food.  Great people. Pittsburgh ambiance. \u000a\u000aThis place is obviously a beloved neighborhood gem.  I had french toast and bacon.  The french toast was made with the best Italian bread.  My fiance had what they called a 'mixed grill."  It consisted of eggs, peppers, onions and home made sausage.  Not something you would eat everyday, but he loved it!   They also had great coffee.  They actually ground up the beans in front of us.  Now that's fresh.\u000a\u000aWe want to return sometime for "turkey day."  Apparently they made fresh turkey every Tuesday.  Now that sounds good!\u000a\u000aCan't wait to return.
p145
aVThis is exactly what a breakfast place should be like--comfortable, quirky, unpretentious and with inexpensive, large portioned working class breakfast plates.
p146
aVOn our current road trip of baseball, brews, hockey and diners, we decided to try Gab & Eat based on yelpers rating putting it #1 for breakfast in Pittsburgh area. We have to agree with most other reviewers that this is a place to eat.\u000aWe arrived around noon on Saturday and were happy there were a couple open tables. The place is tucked at the end of a strip mall and you have to look to find it. There is plenty of parking.\u000aInside the decor is quaint and funky at the same time. Country style decorations and signs are mixed with nostalgia signs & posters. Most interesting are all the signatures and comments written on the wall by past customers. We regretted not having a marker to add ours. The other highlight was three large white boards with trivia questions - fun way to spend time waiting for food.\u000aThe waitstaff there is...uh, experienced. They are attentive, pleasant and efficient.\u000aAfter reading reviews I had to try the Mixed Grill. But S went with pancakes with a side of bacon. The pancakes were outstanding...maybe the best either of us has eaten. They were thick but with light texture and rich flavor. \u000aHis bacon was cooked just as requested - as crisp as possible - and very flavorful.\u000aThe Mixed Grill is a mixed together concoction of eggs, potatoes, onions, peppers, cheese, and spicy Italian sausage grilled together. I'm glad I heeded those who stressed going with the half size order. It filled a full sized dinner plate with a heaping order. I couldn't finish it all and that's rare. How do they serve the whole potion -- in a trough?\u000aEverything was cooked well. The sausage added a nice bite to offset the somewhat plain potatoes. You can build your own mix but the basic was a good mix.\u000aMy only complaint was the amount of potato and that they are pretty plain. I like home fries with lots of seasoning that have aged on the grill. These potatoes were pretty uniform chunks with little seasoning. Personal preference.\u000aIt usually comes with Italian toast but they were out so I went with raisin. It was delicious soft inch thick slices.\u000aCoffee was excellent and the cup stayed full. The total was less than $15. Fabulous value for the quality and portions.\u000aWhile I can't say it's the best breakfast in Pittsburgh (only here 3 days), its the best so far and one of the best we've had.
p147
aVMet my nephew for lunch in Carnegie and he suggested Gab & Eat.   Way to go Justin!  The restaurant is in a strip mall across from the Dairy Queen.  The grill is right up front so you can see them cooking.   They have counter space for eating and tables/booths for 4.   Don't expect to sit at one table if you have more than 4. They have a great looking breakfast menu.   We all got burgers of varying kinds!  They were tasty!   The buns were buttered, toasted and soft.  Yum!   the amount of butter didnt bother me  but it did my whiny mother. Who whined even though there is a no whining sign as you walk in the door.   We ordered fresh cut fries as onion rings.  Both of which were great.  The half order was plenty and a nice option to a full order.   The restaurant was full of local men at lunch which is usually a good sign.  I give it a 4 star only because of the waitress who kind of threw straws, silverware and napkins at us as she walked behind the counter.  At least she didn't throw the food when it came!   She also served the fries and Onion rings way before our burgers came out which was kind of weird.   They were nice and hot but would have been cold had we waited for the burgers.   It didn't factor into my four star rating but I deduct a star from nephew because he invited us out to lunch then allowed me pay!   Just kidding Justin!   Love ya!
p148
aVThis is a perfect example of what a breakfast diner can be: excellent breakfasts in huge portions for cheap. I had the western omlet and will be getting it or another omlet again soon\u000a\u000aThe coffee was good, totally serviceable diner coffee. The waitress was wonderfully friendly and hopping around from table to table. The food was excellent. The ambience was exactly right for a diner. It was packed. The wait was not nearly as long as I was expecting. 10 minutes maybe.\u000a\u000aTotally recommended. Come hungry.
p149
aVWow! Read the great reviews and I was not let down. Huge portions. The mixed grill was THE best breakfast I've ever had. If you go to Pittsburgh it is a must eat. Service was superb. Friendly staff. Led zeppelin on the walls. .....what else could you ask for?
p150
aVI have been coming to Gab n Eat for almost 20 years and They have never let me down. I get a typical breakfast if eggs, ham, toast, and home fries. Delicious as usual. The ambience however is usually lacking. The walls are dark, with writing and signatures of semi famous people all over the place. Pictures of local people hang on the walls(i secretly want mine up there) along with posters galore. While its fun to look at the first 10 times, it gets a little boring after awhile. So today when I arrived I expected the same old experience. Wow was I wrong! As soon as I looked at the door I knew something was different. The place seemed lighter and brighter. To my pleasant surprise, they painted and got new counter tops!! They're not quite done yet but the place has a new Happy vibe to it. The awesome breakfast, the new decor and the 5 guys sitting at the counter making me laugh are why I will be back( maybe for lunch).
p151
aVA gem. The coffee cups are mismatched . The owner is three feet away from me cooking. The sausage is made for them locally. And the food is frickin awesome. I had the pancakes, my daughter had the sausage and egg sandwich.  Cash only.  Friendly service.
p152
aVExcellent breakfast and lunch menu. Friendly staff and super food. Modest environment with excellent food. Worth the wait.. dont miss this one. \u000aBest breakfast and lunch food in the Pgh South Hills hands down.
p153
aVWhat a find! I stopped in here for breakfast while in town for business. The service is so friendly I thought I was down south. The service was quick, frankly and felt like I was with family. \u000aFantastic poached eggs, Cajun homefries and crispy bacon. Gab and Eat is definitely a place I world recommend to locals. I was stuffed and the bill was only $8.00.
p154
aVBeen coming here for a decade or so whenever my wife and I get the chance, and have NEVER been disappointed!\u000a\u000aThe perfect blend of non-chain-tightly-packed ambiance,friendly older waitresses who have been there since I started going, cheap for what you get prices, and food with taste and amounts that "Aunt Bee" would be proud of.\u000a\u000aNever had anything that wasn't hot,freshly made before my eyes,and down home "gooooooooooood"' as Andy might say.\u000a\u000aAs my wife and I agree,this "joint", has been for some time now the overall gold standard by which our eaten out breakfasts have been measured against!\u000a\u000aOne visit...and you will be a believer, and most times I've been there the owner is cooking at the grill herself.
p155
aVA fine breakfast joint. You gotta love the small diners. Highly recommended.
p156
aVGab n Eat is the best breakfast in Pittsburgh and always a treat.  We went there around 11:30 which brought up the lunch. Vs breakfast debate. I saw another customers soup and knew i would have to try it. The soup was a  Lobster Bisque and it was amazing.....creamy deliciousness. I could have had a quart of it. Yum!  I ended up ordering the create your own mixed grill. (When at Gab n Eat. You have to order the 1/2 grill) I had mine with bacon. Bacon was crisp and delish. and M ordered the regular mixed grill. We also shared an order of potato pancakes. They even brought us 2 sides of applesauce and sour cream. The pancakes could have been a tiny bit crisper, but still very good.
p157
aVReally just OK. It was chaotic and no one alerted us to whether we should seat ourselves or wait to be seated, and when we tried to ask a woman working behind the counter, she gave us a dirty look like we weren't welcome there. Eventually we just sat down and someone came by to take our order. The server was nice enough, but wasn't very quick with the coffee refills - I finished my first cup slowly and then it sat empty for about five minutes. Food was ok, but not amazing. We got the mixed grill and a pancake, and both were solid but not outstanding. \u000aNot a bad place to go, but we probably won't go out of our way to go here again, either.
p158
aVSadly, I have only been here twice, only due to the fact it is not really close to my home or work. However, when I am in the area, this is a great cheap eats for both lunch and breakfast. Its almost like going back in time to where the old style local diners or Isaly's to get made to order diner style food. Love the eggs made perfectly to order and a variety of lunch offering at extremely affordable prices. I only wish Gab & Eat would move to my neighborhood.
p159
aVThis place is divey but cute. The food is obviously not five-star, but it's a great place if you want to get a good, hearty breakfast. We went there for lunch and got burgers...oddly enough the server said that they don't sell French Fries on Sundays.....? So we had to settle for home fries. I thought it was a little weird at first, but damn, those home fries were good! I didn't even care after that. The coffee is great too!\u000aIt's a unique little place. It's basically one long strip of a kitchen, then booths set up right beside it! They also have a pretty cool breakfast bar where you can sit and watch them grill all of the food to order. The coffee cups didn't match - they were all Christmas mugs lol - they have a wall in the back where you can sign your name with a dry erase marker, and they have little trivia boards on the wall just for fun. It's definitely a place of it's own kind. The prices are very reasonable, and I would definitely go back again.
p160
aVGreat food, great service, and a great "diner" atmosphere.  It's the kind of place that allows you to decompress and enjoy good conversation with friends.
p161
aVOne of my favorite breakfast stops in Pittsburgh! Can't beat the hometown feel of this place. Always had great service.
p162
aVWe came here once before and remember it not being very good, but figured we'd give it another shot since it's pretty close to our home. It's still just OK. We didn't have to wait this time (Saturday morning at 10:30), but there was a wait throughout the time we were there. The menu is very basic- no specialty pancakes, waffles, or french toast and only 1 specialty omelette. There were no meal options, so if you want home fries or something, it's extra. The omelettes do include toast. (Great bread, btw!) We had to wait a while for our food, which was surprising because we've been to a lot of diners. My husband and I both got omelettes and agreed that the contents were not really cooked with the egg. It's almost like the egg was completely cooked and someone threw the cooked contents in there and just folded it over. As for my mushroom and cheese omelette, the cheese was lacking. My biggest peev about this place is that it's CASH ONLY. Perhaps I missed it, but I'm pretty sure this wasn't noted anywhere on the menu or the front door. Thankfully, we had enough to cover our bill, but's not a good way to end the meal when you're scrambling and digging for change. There are a lot of good diners in the area, so I doubt we'll be going back.
p163
aVOne of those places you only hear about from a friend...tucked in a strip mall...only open for breakfast and lunch. The local atmosphere surpasses the food and that's a helluva compliment.  \u000a\u000aMixed grill is the choice for breakfast.  They will mix and match meats and how you want your eggs along with toast. \u000a\u000aTheir burgers are up there with the best in Pittsburgh. \u000a\u000aA hidden gem. Don't miss it.
p164
aVTHE best breakfast place BY FAR. I never even liked breakfast food until trying their eggs and French toast.
p165
aVGreat greasy spoon!\u000a\u000aArrived early, around 7:15 am on a weekday. Had no trouble finding a seat. Just as we were sitting down, a waitress asked if we wanted coffee. Of course, and how lovely!\u000a\u000aWe had a couple of questions about the mixed grill sizes because we didn't want too much, as the reviews here stated that the portions were huge. The waitress was super nice and answered all of our questions. We ended up splitting the half-sized mixed grill, and it was PLENTY!\u000a\u000aGreat diner quality, but I think I'll try the same dish without the cheese next time-it was an American cheese, and I don't think the grill needed it. \u000a\u000aCoffee was always hot, and service was so quick! This place is a hot spot!\u000a\u000aCash only - be prepared.
p166
aVWonderful omelets, coffee, and staff! The prices are great and the food is prepared quickly! Veggie omelet with cheese is my favorite!
p167
aVA lot of food for a great price. Been eating here for years. They only take cash so make sure you stop by the ATM on your way there!
p168
aVMy friend and i stopped in yesterday for breakfast. We originally came to Carnegie to eat at another new breakfast spot, but they had an hour wait and we had some retail therapy to handle stat. Gab & Eat crossed my mind since i had bookmarked it on yelp.. over 2 years ago. \u000a\u000aThere was a tiny wait here.. about 2 couples in front of us. Finally 2 seats at the bar opened up and we decided to eat there.\u000a\u000aSurprisingly we both ordered the same thing.. mixed grill. Mine had sausage links and she decided on bacon. \u000a\u000aIt was a blast watching all the food being made right before our eyes. Giant club sandwiches, super thick pancakes, eggs eggs and more eggs.. it was a fun time. \u000a\u000aThe restaurant is literally a hole in the wall but had good customer service and delicious food. \u000a\u000aMy only complaint is that i ordered my mixed grill with cheese. I thought it was going to be shredded cheddar, but they put 3 slices of american on it. Eh i'll know better next time.
p169
aVThey have done it again! Excellent little establishment with their home town feeling. Mix match coffee mugs, smiling waitresses, open front diner kitchen feel. Went in there In the mood for lunch while my date was craving breakfast. It's a seat your own kinda establishment, so we found a table at the very far back, sat down and were greater right away and asked if we wanted coffee to start out mornings. Agreed and both cups were promptly filled and re filled as the meal went along without hesitation. I ordered the hot Italian, had fried salami and Bologna on it with cheese, dressing, and lettuce.... Bun was a smidge small for all the goodies in it but what's to complain about there?  My Date got the bagel sandwich and "Hey Rayed" it (adding breakfast potatoes and cole slaw) it was amazing and large enough that she now has lunch as well. I also got a cup the chicken poblano soup, pretty fantastic! Always a great place to travel to, always a good story to listen to when ya strike up a convo with the locals, always great and friendly. Highly recommend!
p170
aVThis place is great. Best ham and cheese inlet I've ever had! Their burgers are also delicious. Nice flat-top crust on the burger. I only wish they were open for dinner too!
p171
aVThis place is by far the best place for breakfast....but today...I decided to get lunch. {Only because it was lunch time...but they do serve breakfast at this time, too.}. I got the turkey club on wholewheat...OMG...it was delish.  Too much for me to eat because it came with a large plate of home made French Fries.  If you are really hungry and don't count calories...make a stop here.
p172
aVOld and needs remodeling, but the food is good, the workers are very friendly and we love going there !!
p173
aVMy favorite breakfast joint of all time. Awesome coffee, pancakes, waffles, sausage...you name it. The service is what you'd expect it to be. :) love love love this place. You will more then likely have to wait for a seat on a weekend. Well worth the wait.
p174
aVCheap and delicious breakfast!\u000aI know it's strange to say, but they make the best toast. I typically do not eat my toast at breakfast, but here, it's my favorite part. I either get the ham and half waffle or ham, Italian toast and 1 egg scrambled. The wait staff is very casual and friendly.\u000aJust be prepared to go for the food, not the atmosphere.
p175
aVUsed to love this place. People are nice and friendly.  Excellent food great pancakes Only stopped going after finding a roach in my potatoes   It's a shame the place was one of my favorites.  Bit can't go back after that experience
p176
aVThis is our favorite breakfast spots.  Fast friendly service. You get more than what you pay for. Awesome!
p177
aVMy husband and I used to go to Gab and eat all of the time, and would always take out of towners here.  That last time we went we did something we've never done before and that was walk out!  My omelet was not cooked and it was runny, I asked for cheddar cheese and got american, my husband ordered a medium rare hamburger and got a burnt paper thin patty.  When we told the waitress she sent the cook over and he gave us attitude and was a total jerk.  He wanted to put my omelet in the microwave.  If I wanted a microwave omelet I would have gone to burger king.
p178
aVI stopped in here due to a change in luncheon plans. Upon arrival the wait to be seated was horrific! Someone pointed to an empty counter stool so I sat there. I perused the menu fairly quick and decided to order half portions. I hadn't had a waffle in ages and I love home fries.\u000a\u000aSince they both came in half portions I went with those. My waitress made sure I always had a fresh cup of hot tea since I was sitting near the entrance. It seemed like a long production line to wait for your order but it did not disappoint. When I got my half orders I was overwhelmed at the size!\u000a\u000aThe waffle was thick and fluffy and the home fries which bore a resemblance to hash browns were hot and greasy. Ketchup is on the counter as well as syrup. Yes they use real butter here since I could observe one of the chefs using a giant slab of it in preparation of orders.\u000a\u000aI definitely plan to revisit this place when I have more time to try different things. My advice would be to prepare to take home a doggy bag since they give huge portions even if they are half size. The best part is that prices here are very reasonable and you can get a lot of food for what you order.\u000a\u000aGab and Eat is located in a small strip mall just on the cusp of the entrance to Carnegie. It is easy to miss if you are looking for a particular building.
p179
aVVery cute, little dive place (with an emphasis on little). Breakfast meals are my favorite. So, I thought everything on the menu looked delicious. I ended up ordering a breakfast bagel sandwich. I couldn't have made it any better myself. My mom ordered the half portion of the mixed grill which was a medley of sweet and spicy sausage, egg, home fries, and peppers. I also ordered a half portion of French fries, and they were absolutely perfect. These are my definition of the best kind of French fries. They're fresh cut, with the skins still on them.\u000a\u000aWe were in and out within 30 minutes with our stomachs full and happy. They only take cash though. So make sure you have some green in your wallet before you stop by.
p180
aVI would give this a solid one star. Let me tell you about my experience...\u000aI walk in to a nasty glare by one of the waitresses before seating myself at a table covered in advertisements and a woman throwing menus at us before walking away.\u000aThe waitress was a sweet old woman.\u000aShe was nice, but hard of hearing and unattentive.\u000aHere's what I ordered:\u000aTwo egg whites scrambled, links, Italian toast, and a half order of home fries.\u000aHere's what I got:\u000aTwo scrambled whole eggs, Italian toast, and home fries.\u000aI addressed the missing links with the waitress and she asked me if I still wanted them. I was starved by this point and said yes. I heard her to go the chef and ask for them, to which the woman behind the grill screamed, "For what? Do you have the slip? Where is it? Where does it say links?" in a considerably nasty tone.\u000aThe eggs were mediocre, the home fries were unevenly cooked (mostly uncooked potato chunks, some practically ash), the links were so tasteless I stopped eating them as soon as I recognized I was full, but the toast was lovely.\u000aThe prices are ok, but I'd prefer a college student's hungover cooking to coming back here.\u000a\u000aUpdate:\u000a30 minutes after leaving I got a vicious headache.\u000a500 milligrams of acetaminophen later, my headache has gotten worse, new unpleasant symptoms have come along, and I may have contracted food poisoning.\u000a\u000aUpdate 2:\u000aI have food poisoning. 100% definitely food poisoning. I haven't eaten anything but pretzel rods and nutrition bars before breakfast here since 1pm the day before. I obviously haven't eaten since. There's actually no other place I could have contracted it.
p181
aVBreakfast was real good. Toast was great. 3 of us all liked our food. Plus got sandwiches to go. Lots of food for a  reasonable price. May have to wait to be seated. Great small diner. Will return again.
p182
aVTrash.\u000a\u000aIf you've got time to explain to me for 2 minutes why you're too busy to take a to-go order, you've got time to write down my order and start making it.  \u000a\u000aGuess who wasn't too busy, Carnegie Coffee Company down the street.
p183
aVBest I can say is that it's ok. Very small and compact. I went with my one and a half year old daughter and the booths are so crammed in that there is no room for high chairs (pretty sure they don't even have high chairs). They did have booster seats, but it was not ideal.\u000a\u000aFood was ok. Nothing special. I had sausage and cheese omlette and got a pancake for my daughter. Again, just ok.\u000a\u000aIt was hot in there and I don't think they have AC. There was a fan in front, but that did little for us who where sitting in the back.\u000a\u000aThis place is cash only. I didn't see anything on my way in stating that, but I could have missed it. It doesn't say Cash Only anywhere inside or on the menu either. There is an ATM, but it has a $2 charge to use. Can't believe a place in 2016 doesn't take cards.\u000a\u000aProbably won't ever go back since there are similar breakfast places closer to where I live that are more kid friendly, have better food and AC and accept more than just cash.
p184
aVSometimes you just don't need a fancy shmancy over-priced frilly frittata-ed brunch to get the job done. Sometimes you just want a greasy spoon diner that knows how to fry up some good breakfast.\u000a\u000aI love this place. The booths are falling apart, the waitresses aren't overly nice, and it's chaotic. But I can design my perfect breakfast because they serve half waffles and single French toasts! I hate having to choose between sweet and savory breakfast and, at Gab & Eat, you don't have to. Everything I've eaten here has been very good. \u000aWaffles = gooood. \u000aSausage Patties= gooood. \u000aMixed grill = gooooood. \u000aPepper, onion, sausage, cheese, and potato omelet = so so so good. \u000a\u000aYou really can't go wrong here. It's a great place for cheap eats!
p185
aVBarb's Country Junction gets a 5 star rating for me because it is truly everything that a Pittsburgh restaurant should be.  In addition to being the apple of my nostalgia's eye, it is also the constant thought of my tummy when I'm hungry on the weekends.  \u000a\u000aBarb's breakfasts cannot be beat, but truly any meal you get there you won't regret.  Everything is made to order, with fair portions, and great prices. My recommendation is a breakfast sandwich on a bagel and a coffee.  There's nothing better than drinking from a cup that could have come from your grandma's kitchen.\u000a\u000aI know that Gab N Eat is nearby, and Barb's can be a little weird get to with the strange traffic pattern but this really is a gem of Carnegie that you've gotta try!
p186
aVGreat little place. Treats you like a local.Eaten here 3 times a week for a month.  Same overtime. Barb is always here.
p187
aVThis is a great place to eat and everyone is so friendly. I live right down the street from here but unfortunately, I have only gone a once. Trust me, I will go here more often. The food is great, prices are low, and the staff are friendly. My cousin and I wanted a place to eat and catch up and this was perfect place. I will go here more often.
p188
aVMy first time going to Barb's Country Junction and I really wanted to like this place, I really did...however, I didn't.\u000a\u000aThe food was decent, some was above average and some below but it was overall decent. I got pancakes, bacon and eggs. The pancakes were really good and fluffy, the home fries were simply okay and the eggs were not cooked well. My son had a burger and it was good. The coffee at this place was brewed to perfection which a appreciate. I would give the food 3/5.\u000a\u000aThe service was subpar for sure. While our waitress was a really nice girl, she wasn't on top of anything at all. Had to ask for coffee refills, had to ask for silverware, for napkins...etc. She got the order messed up and so on. I give the service 2/5.\u000a\u000aThe inside of the place had some country charm as you'd expect but want particularly cleanly. It also had a leaky roof in several places which had buckets collecting the water. A customer even tripped over the buckets and fell. I give the interior 2/5.\u000a\u000aThe prices were decent. I fed my whole family breakfast (3 of us) for $23. I give the prices 3/5.\u000a\u000aSo in summary, you can get okay food here for a rather cheap price but it is not a great place to dine in by any means. There are better diners in the area that I will patronize in the future rather than Barb's.
p189
aVWe go to Barb's every weekend and have for the past 3 years. The food is great,  the prices are better, and the coffee is the best! Try the barb wire omlette or the chocolate chip pancakes!
p190
aVMy husband and I tried this place for the first time today. It was easy to find and no problems with parking. It's "Seat Yourself", but there were no signs stating this, so we stood there looking like fools for a minute. It took awhile for the waitress to acknowledge us and I'm guessing that this was Barb. She apologized and said that one of her workers called off today. No big deal and her apology was appreciated. She came back with our drinks, dropped them off, and left again. We didn't see her for another 20 minutes. Ultimately, we were there for 30 minutes before she took our order. This was aggravating to me. I don't mind waiting for my food if I know it's going to be awesome and they're making it with love, but come on now. We ordered the hot pepper omelette/home fries/ toast and chocolate chip pancakes/sausage. The food was alright, really nothing special. A new waitress ended up taking care of us and she was much more attentive. We may or may not go back.
p191
aVI love this place ! Barb is such an amazing person ,so down to earth and everything is homemade !
p192
aVNever very busy. Food is great but sometimes takes a bit longer than other places, worth the wait though!
p193
aVFor the price I ended up paying, this place was fine. There was a full kitchen, king bed and TV. I was just surprised at the lack of amenities at the hotel. While I have stayed at other extended stay hotels, I was surprised to find a sign in the room at this one stating that you only got your room cleaned once per week...if you wanted it more often than that you would have to pay for it. If you needed fresh towels, you'd have to go to the main desk to get them. They also only provided a small bar of soap in the room...not the typical soap, shampoo, lotion, etc. This didn't bother me too much as I was only staying a couple days but again I found it surprising not to have these basic things. \u000a\u000aThe hotel in general was easy to get to and very easy to get back onto to freeway from. The hotel was clean and the people who worked there were very nice.
p194
aVGreat value, close drive to city, not much to do around hotel, its a business park. Carnegie city has a few bars and restaurants.
p195
aVSimple\u000aRustic\u000aLocal\u000aWait that is every Gordon Ramsey review\u000a\u000aMy experience at extended Stay America was great. The staff was warm and friendly and made it a point to speak to me every morning as I left and when I returned in the evening. They went out of their way to provide A confirmation and point me in the direction of restaurants and nightspots when needed. \u000a\u000aIf I ever need to utilize an extended stay hotel I wouldn't hesitate to head back there.
p196
aVI've stayed at a couple of Extended Stay sites that I found quite satisfactory and this location proved to be just as good. Excellent place to stay while visiting Pittsburgh. It is just a five minute drive to downtown. Location is in a business park area so it is quiet. \u000a\u000aThe rooms contain a nice kitchenette area with a full sized refrigerator, sink, cabinets and two burners. There is no oven which I expected as the descriptions all state "full kitchen" so be aware of that. Also they do not keep the dishes, pots and pans, coffee makers, toasters or utensils in the rooms. If you want them you have to request them at the desk during check in. \u000a\u000aThe room was clean and well maintained. Cable tv quality is spotty sometimes but not intolerable. The free wifi is usually fast. \u000a\u000aThe best part about this location was the staff. The people at the desk were all very pleasant and welcoming and quite willing to assist with any questions or issues with a smile.  I would definitely stay at this location again and highly recommend it.
p197
aVTonya is super sweet and the front desk people are very helpful
p198
aVFront desk gets 4 starts\u000a\u000aHowever, if you're looking for a good night of sleep, you may not get it.  The refrigerator made a lot of noise at night every time the compress kicked on.  Likewise with the air conditioner.  If you didn't bring a hair dryer, you'll have to get it at the front desk.  There's a sofa bed but no extra pillows nor blankets.
p199
aVThomas Darby\u000aI will never stay at this Extended Stay America due to the fact that we were there in October, 2015 and had an awful stay! Room was only cleaned one time after asking three times when it would be cleaned. There was absolutely nothing in the supposedly full kitchen, 2 wash clothes, 2 hand towels and 2 towels. We had to take used wash clothes and towels to front desk every day to receive fresh ones. The toilet ran over and the heater didn't work until we decided to leave. We were over charged after booking through Hotels.com and had to put up a $100.00 deposit. For what? Never again will we stay there!!!!!
p200
aVVisiting from California I stayed in Motel 6 for two days and i was not happy with it. Motel 6 didn't even had a shampoo. My boyfriend encouraged me to stay in this hotel where i can cook instead of spending money at restaurants. Only regret i have is i should have stayed here instead of motel 6. I was able to stay 1 night 2 days. And i honestly loved it. They even had iron and board that was useful. They also gave me military discount.
p201
aVWe traveled to Pittsburgh for a wedding and chose to stay at this extended stay. The photos were nice, and the reviews were decent. Front desk staff is very friendly and the room has spacious and laid out well and that's about it. The room was non smoking, which is clear that no one ever followed that rule. It stank so bad of smoke in there that when I came home, I had to wash my clean clothes because they smelled of smoke as well. Not to mention my allergies were in full effect. The bathroom was so inconvenient to get in and out of. The door opened to about 1cm from the toilet so you have to wedge yourself between the door and sink. Breakfast was pathetic. There was a row of fruit and a row of store bought muffins and a couple things of coffee, that's it. \u000aI'll be sure to spend my money elsewhere next time.
p202
aVRooms were great big, bathroom is very hard to get out of like other reviews have stated.  I never remembered getting breakfast at extended stay thanks because you really don't coffee and granola bars is it.  The staff was awesome and very helpful!  The only reason 5 stars weren't given is because we stayed here because of convince to Pittsburgh well the freeway is currently closed June 2016 so it took us 30 minutes through neighborhoods and windy little roads to get in and out of hotel.  Wish we were notified before!  Otherwise great stay and clean rooms!
p203
aVI have said it on other sites and will repeat here. You MUST try their burgers. They are juicy and delicious with a bun that is perfect. Another must are the fries with Guinness gravy and if you haven't had enough go for the ultimate sleeper, Leek and potato soup. Authentic black & tans. Harp and Murphys on tap. It don't get no better. This is a true gem my friends.
p204
aVLet me start.. The service was a little sketchy, but the beer was cold and the food was amazing.  I would recommend paddy's to anyone.
p205
aVBe warned. Don't expect the best service ever. It's not the cleanest place you've been in either. The decor is soccer jerseys from places and teams you've probably never heard of. It's divey, eclectic, and authentic. \u000a\u000aIf you're looking for good Irish food and a cold pint, you can't go wrong at the Pour House. Like most of Carnegie's Main St, this is a hidden gem worth seeking out. They have some of the best Irish food I've had in Pittsburgh- the colcannon is awesome and the shepherd's pie is out of this world. If you're not looking for Irish food, then try the grilled cheese- and make sure you ask it with the three cheeses together. It's big and the cheese is thick and gooey. I get it with a side of potato pancakes... Yum. \u000a\u000aAlso, they have Guinness, Smithwicks and Harp on tap...
p206
aVIf I could give this place less than one star, I would. I have no idea who gave this place high reviews but they must either own the place or be time travelers from back in the day when this place might not have sucked. The decor is tired and grimy, the place reeked of smoke, and the bartender/server was surly, to put it mildly. We went there on a Saturday night with a mind to try the Irish food. Apparently, we were out of luck. I've always thought that the secrets of restaurant success is to actually stock food for people to eat. He told us before we ordered that they had no "pies". No chicken pot pie, no shepherds pie, etc. So, we gamely tried to order other things. We placed our order. My wife, for example, ordered the Irish stew and he came back 5 min later telling us they were out of that and even more things for several people in our party. At that point my wife picked out a third option, ham and cabbage, only to be told again that "they were out". At that point, realizing that the only food to be had in the place was what was crusted on the menus, we asked to pay for our drinks and left. They actually then gave us flack for not having enough to put it on a debit card. In short, unless you like your dinner with a side of disappointment and depression, I'd probably avoid this place like the plague. Speaking of the plague, I suppose we should thank Mr. Surly for inspiring us to walk out. I only have two bathrooms at my house and would've been hard pressed to accommodate several violently ill people at once.
p207
aVBest Irish food in the Burgh.  Great bar food too.  The service is maybe a bit surly and it's not the cleanest, nor the best decor.  But, that's not what this place is about.  It's a town Irish bar and it serves great solid Irish fare and suds to the locals.  And it does it better than anyone.  I go back again and again.
p208
aVIt looks so much better in here since they changed from Paddy's to Riley's. It's a shame, however, that they had to keep that same curmudgeon of a bartender that ruins the experience. Can somebody notify me once they get rid of him?
p209
aVOkay, so hopefully you haven't been enjoying happy hour @ Riley's Pour House before you read this or you might not be able to follow the lilting Irish owners. \u000a\u000aTo recap: Murphy's Pour House from 1979-1985. Sullivan's Pour House from 1995-2002. Paddy's Pour House from 2002-2012. And, bagpipe please, Riley's Pour House opens March 1 of 2012. Still with me?\u000a\u000aIt's a tiny long bar just like the old Irish pubs. No more smoking allowed. Hurrah!!!  Same lousy service. \u000a\u000aMy guess is that the entire place needs (no, strike that .... demands) an automated food/beverage ticketing system. None of the cooks, bartenders, or waitresses know who ordered what nor what ticket belongs to which table. It's actually pretty funny if you're not a) hungry or b) thirsty. \u000a\u000aI really really want this place to do better. We need more Irish pubs and local old time watering holes. \u000a\u000aGet it together, Murphy's ... er, I mean Sullivan's....er, I mean Paddy's or is it Riley's? ;  ).  Whatever the case, they have cold Guinness. And Irish music.  And fun patrons.
p210
aVThe delivery driver mistakenly rang my doorbell, having confused 133 and 113.\u000a\u000aRather than taking a step back and analyzing the situation, he begins to accuse my wife and I of ordering and refusing to pay for this pizza.\u000a\u000aThe driver then gets on his cell phone and rather than calling the number than was given when the order was placed, begins to call his bosses and starts threatening me with felony charges. \u000a\u000aSo I take the initiative and ask the fine upstanding gentleman what the phone number of the order-er was, phone my neighbor and discover the mistake. Rather than a thank you or a sorry, he just speeds off (breaking the speed limit on our block) to reach his destination 50 feet away.\u000a\u000aI would call to complain, but based on the other reviews, its clear the owners do not care about Carnegie or it's residents, and its pretty well known around town just how awful their food is, so it would be pointless to boycott a place I'd never order from again anyway.\u000a\u000aDo yourself a favor and order from ANY other establishment in town.
p211
aV3/6/12  visit -  i am from san francisco bay area and if u want a dive go to china town in san francisco. - this place was dirty like chinatown dive but some of the best food i have every tasted came from a dive. the food was really good and my group ordered a bunch of different things it was all good- a- taste.- prices are reasonable a-. --------they dont speak english very good and got my order wrong.\u000asweet potatoe fries a+\u000apizza  - a\u000aeggplant hoagie b+\u000agreek salad b+\u000agyro a+\u000aif they scrubbed the place down and the lady spoke better english 4 star ****
p212
aVRecommended. 16 inch pizza on special was cheap. Fast service. Not the best pizza but above average.
p213
aVSome of the worst pizza I've ever had.  We used a coupon from the paper for a 2 topping 8 cut Sicilian. First of all the pizza wasn't even cut through, and the sad attempt at cutting was so uneven that 4 of the slices were about an inch wide, while the others were about 4" each. The toppings were scarce, they used mini pepperoni and put maybe 8 on the whole pizza. The onions were huge chunks and the mushrooms were straight from a can. The worst part though was the thick doughy crust that tasted more like a fishy sourdough roll. I'm serious... It was so noticeable that it made me wonder if the dough was bad or if they for some weird reason put fish sauce in it. It was gross. \u000a\u000aWe also ordered steak and Italian hoagies. The veggies were old and wilted, and there was no dressing on either. The Italian had deli meat that was clearly bottom of the line and not very generous. The "steak" (if you an call it that) was greyish instead of brown and looked like it was a processed meat chopped into pieces. No flavor or seasoning and the texture was reminiscent of spam. It was so bad that I only ate 1/4 of it and tossed the rest. \u000a\u000aI have ordered from here in the past and always been disappointed. I thought I would give them another try since I'd never ordered a Sicilian pizza from there. What a mistake. I will never order from them again!
p214
aVHaving certain businesses with skill sets in your local neighborhood is important.  I try to keep it as local as possible, so when I heard about a tailor in Carnegie I was intrigued.  The building is in a strip mall across from Carnegie Coffee Company.  Unassuming, looks like it is closed all the time, until you do a drive by and see the hours posted.  There is a Latino man in his 20's working when you arrive.  In my mind, I imagine a tailor to be older, kind of like my grandfather maybe with measuring tape around his neck (Textbook movie tailor), so I was a bit trepidatious about dropping off my clothing.  He asks you to go change into a closet (Yes, a closet to change in with one lightbulb) BUT all my worries aside, the moment he started working on my items I knew he was the real deal. He learned from his father at the age of 14 how to sew. and he does things the correct way.  Meaning, for example-  I took in a pair of khakis all the way down to the cuff, but he seamed them up to look EXACTLY the way they were when I first bought them.  Most placed will have bulges and puckers.  The rest of my items were just as perfect.  Very inexpensive at $10 for a pair of pants to adjust the hem.  The items were done in a timely manner.  He takes his business very seriously.  While I was there, I watched a lady rush in and demand 6 shirts to be altered in an hour, and he did it and charged the same price.  Really nice guy, please go and support this business to keep him around town!
p215
aVNew to area and decided to pay this shop a visit! It was definitely the best experience I've ever had with a tailor. He is MUCH cheaper than the other shops, he charges 10 while others charge $15, and he goes above and beyond for what he charges.\u000a\u000aI dropped off 4 jeans, and he hemmed and tapered the jeans! I couldn't even tell the difference between the store bought jeans and the quality of his work. It was absolutely perfect, no bulges or puckers! They the match the exact stitch as the factory. \u000a\u000aAbsolutely a great guy, they were all done and waiting for me as promised! I'll definitely be taking all of my business to this place, and would highly recommend to anyone who is looking for a personal tailor who actually cares about his work and building an honest business.
p216
aVI needed alterations done to my suit very quickly. Like three days quickly. Not only did Filberto at Alteration World have it ready, the price was beyond reasonable and the work was EXCELLENT! I plan on bringing all my clothes to him from now on.\u000a\u000aOh and he let me know that they also dry-clean. Wonderful shop!
p217
aVThis is the best alteration place I have been to. The guy that owns it is extremely helpful and works FAST. Also, the prices are so reasonable I wonder how he stays in business. He was able to do an alteration on short notice and was very acommodating. The alteration I needed done--and fast--was right in the middle of prom season. All the other places I called gave me a several week wait, but he took me right away. I will be back!
p218
aVI just needed a broken zipper replaced on my favorite Penguins fleece jacket and a pair of suit pants hemmed.  The price was very reasonable and the work done was great.  I will go back for all my tailoring needs and highly recommend if you need any done.
p219
aVSo happy I found this place! I'm new to the Pittsburgh area and wasn't sure if it was worth driving to Carnegie to come here, but Yelp convinced me. It was completely worth the trip! Since it would have been a long trip to come back, the guys at Alteration World finished my work (patching a hole on a pair of jeans) in less than half an hour (I killed time at an adorable coffee shop across the street) and exactly as I had specified. Oh, and the price was extremely reasonable as well. Thanks Yelp for another great find!
p220
aVMy bridesmaid dress alterations were perfect. I would not hesitate to come back for alterations or dry cleaning.
p221
aVThe service, quality, and speed of Alteration World are incredible! I have had suits and pants altered here and have been thoroughly impressed by the work. Everything has fit perfectly and the work was quality. I will be returning here exclusively for my tailoring needs and have referred many customers already. If you need anything altered (or even something custom made), do not hesitate to go to Alteration World.
p222
aVI have taken things here before and loved how "reasonably priced" they are. My most resent experience here was so horrible my family and I will never go back. The business is not run the way it has been in the past.  I took a dress that needed taken in in the back and around the neck. When I went to pick it up it was not even ready then to find out the next day that I was being charged $60. My family and I have been coming here for a few years and never ever spent anything even remotely close to $60 worth on alterations. My mom came down to pick up two things right before and and her total was $25... Not only are the prices extremely inconsistent when I finally got the dress the neck was still way too loose and the zipper didn't go up all the way I had to pin the dress myself and wear it with safety pins to a wedding. I was not able to get my money back because apparently "it wasn't his fault" and he told me not to worry about it. This is probably the worst business in Carnegie. \u000a\u000a Is it possible to give zero stars?
p223
aVAre you are really looking at the review for LJS?  Its fried stuff, with extra fried stuff in a cardboard boat.  You will regret eating it 30 minutes after you finish, but it is delicious.
p224
aVI agree with Paul on this one. But I had to stop here on my way home from work tonight. \u000a(I think I feel my heart yelling at me again) , The gal at the drive thru window was just soooo sweet , I just might go back and ask her to marry me! \u000aBut then again , she gave me a slip with a survey on it to fill out online. \u000aMaybe she just wanted my positive response. Ok Sarah B. you got it ... now where's my free coke ?
p225
aVIt's deep fried garbage....it's LOS c'mon what do you expect.....however I have never had better, friendlier service at a fast food restaurant.
p226
aVI love LJS and have to agree, service was decent here. I tried a piece of my kid's chicken (I only ever get the fish for myself) and was pleasantly surprised to find white breast meat (same chicken texture as chick fil a). A little grimy dining room, and the bathroom handle is broken 8/2015... It would be nice if they made it an A&W-LJS but as-is still works for me.
p227
aVI love LJS, but I  had to write a review regarding this particular location.  The inside is very dated and appears to be poorly cared for.  It smelled like burnt fish when we walked in the door.  It took about 15 mins for the food, so I figured it was gonna be all fresh...negative!  The fish was old and cold and fries were a very soft.  The corn lacked butter.\u000a\u000aI didn't care for the onion rings and my boyfriend said the Coleslaw tasted spoiled.\u000a\u000aThe chicken planks and hushpuppies were the only things edible.  \u000a\u000aService wasn't too bad - nice people.  Too bad a whole bunch of flies started flying around the dining area and prep area, which ruined my appetite.
p228
aVBy far the worst most unprofessional dentist I have ever experienced her staff is too busy watching soap operas on all the TVs in each room instead of cleaning and she gave me a filling which was too deep which could have been understandable as her son had his pictures delivered from Hawaii and she had to stop 3 times to pay for them and show her whole staff all of them must be nice to have a 14 year old go to Hawaii on her moms dime and have her patience wait to see all of this happen I had to have oral surgery and have the tooth removed because she put the filling in too deep an abscessed tooth was the result I wouldn't recommend her to an ex girlfriend or someone I hate because of the three months of extreme tooth pain I had to deal with because of her lack of care and follow through even after I called and asked them for advice and follow up they simply could care less and did not even offer to reschedule an appointment other than prescribing me vicodin and antibiotics do not recommend and do not go to her license should be pulled!!
p229
aVWhen I moved to the area, Dr. Weinberg was recommended to me by my cousin who had been a client for years. I've had nothing but positive experiences with her and her staff since seeing her two years ago. The team is professional, nice and courteous. I recently had to reschedule an appointment due to a last minute work thing and they were very accommodating. My daughter looks forward to coming to the dentist so that's saying something. I DO wish they would turn off FOX news in the lobby as I'd rather watch paint dry but... nobody's perfect.
p230
aVIn all fairness - I did not see this dentist but did schedule an appointment and waited 15 minutes for them to open.\u000a\u000aWhen I look at Yelp reviews, I usually weed out the outliers (the best and the worst).   Unfortunately, there are only two reviews.\u000a\u000aIt was my first time at the office.   The office admin (very nice) asked for me to come early (before 9am) to complete paperwork.   I arrived at 8:50.    I waited.   I watched 2 employees walk by me (unlocked the door and re-locked it).    They did not acknowledge me.\u000a\u000aThe door I was at had signage (open hours).    I decided to leave because of a review where the staff seemed distracted or disinterested in my presence.\u000a\u000aThe office admin (very nice) called me to inform I am missing my appointment.   I explained to her that there were too many indications where this was not going to be a good fit and wished her the best of luck.\u000a\u000aI recommend if you see this dentist you go to the front door (furthest away from the parking lot) for the entrance.\u000a\u000aPoor recommendation because the staff who walked by me seemed to be distracted which was pointed out in a previous review.
p231
aVI've been to this office a good amount of times.  Each time the receptionists give of a vibe of entitlement and it is very uncomfortable.  Dr. Weinberg herself is very nice, but I doubt her ability. Every procedure she has done to my teeth has backfired. The third and last issue I have is that i always paid cash at the end of my visits and somehow I have received an invoice for $55. I called and of course the receptionist was sassy and rude so I gave up. Will never go back or refer anyone else
p232
aVMy family (husband and 3 young children) have been seeing Dr. Weinberg for a few years. We've never had an issue. She's great with the kids, even my 6 year old who has autism. Scheduling and rescheduling appts is "fine", the wait time is fine, the care is fine. Basically I have had no issues, but I haven't had my socks blown off either. It's the dentist, it is what it is. I do find the dentist to be a bit frazzles, but we've never had an issue.
p233
aVAll I need to say is that my 6 year old could not wait to see Dr. Weinberg and her staff! Not only are they professional and kind,  they have made my child have a life time of good oral health care!  This busy mom loves that they can provide two appointments, at the same time.  I can't imagine having a better family dentist!
p234
aVJust moved to the area and needed a dentist after getting my front tooth chipped playing hockey.  She did an amazing job at fix my tooth and cleaned up the front teeth while doing it.  I was able to get in and have my tooth fixed within a few days of it happening.  I've gotten a few fillings as well after my chip was fixed.  The doctor is great and so are the staff.  I would recommend going here.
p235
aVDon Don is a restaurant I find myself missing now and again, it's probably my favorite restaurant in Carnegie. Simple setup, just a small restaurant with a few tables and a TV. Oddly enough I think my favorite thing to eat there is the wonton soup, never had better. The food is average but I always enjoyed eating there, great service and a cheap place to get Chinese food.
p236
aVTake it from me; avoid this place at all cost.  The only time I go is when I am starved and don't have the energy to cook or get edible food.  And then after I have been kicking myself.
p237
aVDon Don is atleast as good as (although I personally \u000ahappen to think better than) the majority of \u000ainexpensive Chinese places best equiped for \u000adelivery and take out.  I've frequented many \u000asimilar establishments in different parts of the\u000acountry, and have also spent a few years in Japan.  \u000aSounds odd, but they have some amazing Chinese\u000a food out there.
p238
aVFar away from real Chinese food. Doesn't even taste good as American style Chinese food.
p239
aVI used to order takeout here once every month or so. The food tastes average and the price is good. It's your typical low-end Chinese place. \u000a\u000aThe last (and final) time I ordered here I just so happened to be picking up my order while a health inspector from allegheny county health department was making his rounds. While I was waiting on my food (which took much longer than usual) the inspector was pointing out violations. He also requested a copy of a certificate that the man behind the register was unable to produce. The inspector looked at me like I was crazy for waiting on my food despite the obvious poor conditions.  \u000a\u000aAs for the rest of the place - it's always been kind of dirty inside. The carpets are just FILTHY and the walls match. There are always children's toys scattered about the floor because the owners children are always there, so be careful not to trip. \u000a\u000aThe workers do seem like nice people just trying to make a living but when it comes to cleanliness Don Don is lacking.
p240
aVDelicious Singapore noodles and seafood delight. Crispy flavorful crab Rangoon, and cold sesame noodles done well (but could've used a bit more sauce). Excellent real Chinese food, friendly service.  Restaurant ambience: high school cheap date quality.
p241
aVI came here with two friends prior to visiting Apis Meadery next door this past weekend.  I ordered the General Tso's chicken, and my friends ordered the sesame chicken, crab rangoon, and another appetizer (egg rolls?).  They ordered the combo with less meat, and I ordered the one with more--the names were very similar, which I found confusing. The food took quite a while to come up (~15 min.), so I'd suggest calling ahead if you're in a rush.  While we were waiting, the woman behind the counter yelled at someone over the phone in Chinese, and then at a guy who came in to pick up food for delivery (probably the same person).\u000a\u000aTo be honest, I'm not much of a fan of Americanized Chinese cuisine (I lived in Singapore for 3 mos. and have visited Hong King and Japan); it's been awhile since I've had it, and this dish reminded me why.  I don't care for the overbearing sweetness and thickness of the sauce, nor do I care for the pre-cut meat in the dishes (I like to cut up my own meat, thank you very much), so the flavors and textures don't do much for me.  Having said that, my friends claimed this was the best Americanized Chinese fare they'd had in PGH (and they live in Squirrel Hill!), so if you're a fan of this cuisine, you can take that into consideration.\u000a\u000aIf nothing else, this meal provided us with some much-needed food to absorb the alcohol from the mead, which I appreciated.
p242
aVI use to order here fairly often.  The past 2 years their food has been getting progressively worse every time I order.  It doesn't help that the owner that always is at the register is so rude to me every time.  I finally decided that I'm done.  I don't think I should feel let an inconvenience when ordering food from a restaurant.  Let alone one that the food isn't even that good. Also the inside is dirty as heck.  They can deliver food in a BMW but they can't buy a scrub brush?  I have found Golden Dragon in Collier Square is 100 times better then Don Don.
p243
aVWe visited Don Don Chinese restaurant in Carnegie a while back because we had the Entertainment Book coupon for buy one dinner get one complimentary dinner.\u000a\u000aWe ordered 2 regular dinners.  At the end when we went to check out and pay, the owner refused to honor the Entertainment Book coupon and offered a fruit cup instead, which we refused. \u000a\u000aThe food was acceptable, but refusing to accept the Entertainment Book coupon was not acceptable . \u000aNeedless to say, we never returned.
p244
aVI took my sick cat here and they charged me $$$$ for blood work and then never called me with results. I had to chase down the results and finally spoke to a different vet than the one who examined my cat. He said my cat "absolutely did not have hyperthyroid". They said my cat's problems were behavioral and were rude and dismissive of my concerns. I finally took my cat to another vet who diagnosed him with hyperthyroidism. I'm trying medication now and I hope the illness hasn't progressed too far. Otherwise I'll have to have him put to sleep. Don't take your cat here.
p245
aVI had gone here years ago and hated it. The doctors weren't very nice or caring. However, I wasn't happy with my current vet and decided to give the place another chance because I saw that all of the veterinarians had changed and the location is so convenient for me. I'm so happy I did! The doctor was great. We saw Dr. Martinovich after we adopted our new dog. She was so wonderful with him. She clearly loves animals. She was gentle with him and very thorough. The cost was higher than I had hoped but for the experience, I didn't mind. I will absolutely go back and plan on taking both of my cats here at some point as well. Very pleased! Great place.\u000a-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\u000aUPDATE: Every single time we have gone to this place we have been satisfied. Seen quickly and gotten great care for our pets. Dr. Lasota is wonderful! We won't ever be going anywhere else if we can help it!
p246
aVWent for breakfast on 6/16/14. We received very good service and meal came within a few minutes.Waitress could have smiled more but was friendly. \u000aI had a Grand Slam... it was more than enough food. \u000aMeal was very tasty... We will definitely go back. \u000aIt is a popular Denny's.
p247
aVI love their stakes and i come here every week just to get the t bone steak, it is completely delicious! \u000a\u000aGreat atmosphere, there is always a lot people and the waiters are nice; food portion is great as well!
p248
aVPerfect time with hubby, after work which is 4 am and you can still have a hot nice meal, waitress was such an adorable girl. Her arm was broken or smth but she still dis a great job!\u000aStrawberry lemonade was just smth i have been craving for for so long but did not know what it was :) \u000aStrawberry milkshake, nachos and t bone steak is smth we never stop ordering!\u000aIts always nice when u go late at night like us, it is not crowded, not noisy, nice music playing and always nice people around. \u000aIf you want smth quick and it is late at night then i would say Denny's!
p249
aVThis location never disappoints!! Food is always consistently great, and if you come at the right time, (witching hours) you may see the cook singing and dancing along with the music in the back. And it is awesome! ! Love this place!!
p250
aVDude... it's Denny's. It's excellent drunk food, packed on Sunday mornings, not very good.. but not really bad either. It's Denny's. When you walk into a Denny's.. you know exactly what you're getting into. Why the heck are you even reading reviews about a Denny's? That's like looking for reviews on an ice cream truck, you're getting the same thing no matter which one you choose.
p251
aVExcellent food , good service too I have had several different dishes here and all have been excellent
p252
aVChose Denny's for a very late (1:30pm) Sunday brunch. No wait. Quickly greeted and served. I ordered the half size of Moon Over My Hammy. It was just the right amount of food for me, and the hash browns were delicious! Only thing lacking was Frank's Red Hot :-) Son and husband very pleased with their meals, can't remember the names but see pic. Patron next to us gave us $5 off $20 check, so our total came to $16! Would go back again for a casual meal.
p253
aVI like the food at Denny's more than meals served at pricier restaurants. My favorite is the Bourbon Chicken Skillet. Even though it isn't advertised as being gluten-free, it doesn't have any ingredients containing wheat- just chicken, potatoes, and broccoli in a yummy Jack Daniels sauce. Both Eat n Park and Max and Erma's have gone downhill in the past few years, but the food at Denny's has gotten better.
p254
aVThis is the best Denny's in the area. Friendly, fast, good food. Other Denny's pale in comparison to this location.
p255
aVGot seated right away and the staff was very pleasant. One of the cleaner Denny's I have been to.  I ordered a burger, fries, and a shake and all were really good and cooked just right.\u000aDenny's has always been one of my favorite casual dining restaurants, so this one is worth a visit when you are in the area.
p256
aVI'm sorry to give any stars...15 minutes for a cup of coffee, while waitress flitted around...waited another 10 minutes and after 25 minutes of sitting there with the menu closed..I left. Coffee and water untouched. Waitress was too busy telling the customer in the next booth about her daughters almost wedding. Don't waste your time or money at this Denny's. Service is horrible and waitresses are the worst...food usually isn't great..but I can't speak for this visit...25 minutes and no one wanted to take my order. Ps...Kings had a great breakfast that day...service was great...only about 1.5 miles down the road.
p257
aVI belong to this gym...  I live in the South section of Pittsburgh, and I find that this gym is not too far from me.  The staff is friendly, the equipment is quite good.  You get two free personal training sessions when you join.  They have lots of weights (which my boyfriend uses) and a decent cardio room.  The only thing I would say is to increase some of the cardio equipment.  Water is only $1 a bottle!
p258
aVI bought a three month membership last year, mainly to attend the Silver Sneakers classes. I was in my early sixties and hadn't exercised in a while. I tried the evening classes but they were very crowded and difficult, so I tried a morning class for seniors. I like to stretch out before my class actually starts, so I went to the tail end of a yoga class. The women in this class were very nasty to me and told me that I wasn't welcome to stretch out in their class. I never went back thanks to the attitude of the other members. I didn't feel welcome here. I complained to the manager, who said that I was welcome to stretch out in whatever class I wanted to, but the hostility of these yoga students was very evident. Do they think that this is their private gym?
p259
aVThis is a gym, that part is true.\u000a\u000aBut it's not well maintained.  It's dingy and the locker rooms are abysmal, basically unusable.  There's a pretty wide range of equipment, but not enough of it to really go around.  If you're into free weights, that area is larger, but over crowded and very dungeony (personally I go for that, just saying).\u000a\u000aThe place must have a REALLY conservative owner as well, because all the TVs play FOX News all day long.  If you ask the staff for another channel, they will get around to changing it about half the time, the other half of the time you'll be ignored and forced to watch a bunch of awful talking heads tell you lies the entire time you're trying to run or lift.  Part of the problem is that the owner is cheap and not paying for cable where he can change the channel on the TVs individually.  They are linked to one box only.\u000a\u000aThe place also lets a whole ton of personal trainers basically do whatever they want.  This means that the area set aside for abdominal exercises, stretching, the rock climbing wall (which I've never once seen turned on or used) is over crowded with a punch of really out of shape people who are mostly carrying on conversations with their incredibly beefy personal trainers, because hey, the trainer is getting paid either way, if you want to waste your time chatting, they don't mind.
p260
aVI really like this gym. It is nice neighborhood gym and unlike big gyms they don't have big contracts and they have flexible memberships. Great selection of classes. All the instructors are very good knowledgable and motivating. All the staff working there are super nice. Their selection of the equipment is good too !!
p261
aVI spoke to a man this morning about the ice covered parking lot and sidewalk, as a business is liable to their customers if someone was to slip and fall due to negligence on the business's part. He told me good luck and that I'm liable to just be careful because everywhere is icy. After two years at this gym I'm fed up with the way they treat their customers. He told me he was fed up with me since I gave him a hard time about being out of towels a few weeks ago (which they've had towels since then). They never clean the parking lot in the winter so make sure you wear boots outside and don't crash your car. Aside from that, this gym is well just that a gym. My biggest critic (aside from rude management and negligence) would have to be that they don't encourage sanitization outside of the cardio room. There aren't towels and spray around the weight machines, which I've never had an issue with, but I'd hate to see that happen. I always make sure to at least wipe off my sweat marks from the machine, cause well that'd be pretty nasty. It is pretty large in terms of size and space to do anything aside from the ordinary weights and cardio. The workers well they're mostly young and don't really care too much (the man who told me I was wrong was older and possibly a manager or owner). They tend to not keep on top of the wash with the towels even when it isn't busy, which can be pretty annoying. Their cardio room always has Fox News on two tvs and then the middle TV has sports center on regardless of what else is on tv. They recently haven't even been putting pens games and stuff on. Must be too busy watching the 52 inch screen they have in the lobby for the workers while the cardio room has max 32 in the middle and 24 on the sides probably. If I had to pay full price for my membership I probably wouldn't belong here, but it's through my insurance. That said I don't swipe my card like most people in the front on my own. The machine is behind the counter. One guy always shows me how to do it myself, which was helpful the first time cause people aren't always around the front desk. That said when he is standing behind there chatting I would expect him to do it since it's his job. This gym is nothing state of the art fancy fancy, but do you really need a fancy looking gym? Their cardio room is pretty massive and even at peak hours I've never had a problem getting a treadmill or elliptical. They actually even have two hellix trainers, which aren't super common yet. Sometimes when things go out of order they take a while to fix them. I've run into the owner or manager one time in the bathroom when someone let a sink over floor and asked if I should tell the guys at the desk and she said oh no they're useless. This gym makes a killing from a) classes b) it's convenient and c) their personal training is a separate company (warrior fitness). I've been meaning to sign up for a trainer and I always see them busy. They all seem awesome and very helpful and challenging. Not sure if they have a separate yelp page, but I would say from what I've seen they'd bust your ass for sure!
p262
aVAs a member for now 8 years I can honestly say, I have never had a negative experience at Amerifit!  The owner and staff could not be more accommodating and strive for member satisfaction.  The owner not only runs the business but personally fixes machines when needed, interacts with the members, and also personally salts and plows the parking lot when needed in the winter himself.  \u000aThere is another review on here stating the lot didn't have any attention after which was the largest ice storm we've had in years. I would like to state I was sitting by the counter the day this lady came in upset and unnecessarily yelling at the front desk employee about the lot.  The owner was out there every couple hours doing the best he could to tame the condition of the lot. However on that day I believe everyone's car on the road turned into a snow sled including my own.  If you truly felt in danger being on the roads that day, you probably should of just stayed at home or a work.\u000aI love the fact the owner takes pride in his business and is extremely hands on with the maintenance of the building.  Amerifit has such a welcoming, no intimidation, home-like feel which is what I believe makes this place so special and unique and has kept my loyal membership for the last 8 years.
p263
aVThis is review rating may not be for everyone.\u000a\u000aAmerifit is a gym where many serious body builders work out.   This is an anti-Planet Fitness (there are no pizza days).   This place is where private personal trainers take on clients who do not have an affiliation with Planet Fitness.  You can pay $5 per day if you want to meet occasionally.\u000a\u000aWhat the casual person may see upon entering:\u000a\u000aYou will hear lots of grunting and weights being dropped.   Do not be intimidated.   The folks (men and ladies) are doing this for competitions (usually).\u000a\u000aThe place may seem run down (older weights / machines).   Do not let this deceive you.   \u000a\u000aThe place may seem small.   Again - do not let this deceive you.  They have smaller rooms / areas.\u000a\u000aThey do have classes upstairs that seem pretty intense (not my cup of tea).\u000a\u000aWhy 4 Stars:\u000a\u000a1. I followed my trainer (which means I chose my trainer at a location where we could work out).   My previous trainers were great but I did not necessarily like the gym (too crowded or not enough room to work out).\u000a\u000a2. Equipment variety.   Example - Cardio Equipment.   Usually when you go into a gym, you will have a treadmill, a stepper, a recumbent bike, bike, elliptical) - All one type.    Amerifit provides a variety of machines such as Cybex.   Cybex is your traditional elliptical but you can control the elevation as well.   They also have machines that will simulate ice skating\u000a\u000a3.  Intensity - You do see people seriously working out.   This can either motivate or intimidate you.  It motivates me.   I can also see folks doing exercises correctly.\u000a\u000a4.  The folks are nice.   All the associates I have met are very nice.\u000a\u000aI apologize to the serious body builders for writing this review, but I think this is a very good secret to share.  Find you a trainer, meet him/her at Amerifit, and workout.   \u000a\u000aThis is not a chain gym where everything is new with standard (usually leased) equipment.
p264
aVI brought my husband and my parents all to Papa J's last time my husband and I were in Pittsburgh. My parents are really picky about their italian food, usually they drive places in east bumf*@ (tarentum, ligonier...) to get their capital I-talian.\u000a\u000aMy pop is kinda grumbly, and getting him to try something new is like pulling teeth. The only reason I got him here was becuase they were on their way to drop us at the airport.\u000a\u000aWell, my dad goes back now regularly and that says a lot, considering he lives in Murrysville. \u000a\u000aThe first good sign Dad was happy was that he seemed impressed when it was open- it was noon a few days after Christmas. Second good sign was that Dad ordered wine, at it was only 1 pm. Dad, while not a teetotaler, rarely has a drink before 5 pm so I know he was anticipating a good meal. The kicker was that he was so happy he left our waitress a $20 tip on a $50 meal. \u000a\u000aCan I say, I live in Texas now and I still relive this afternoon back in December? I had chicken picatta...it was perfect. My dad had eggplant rollatini, my mom had a pizza, and my hubby had basic pasta and marinara. It all was amazing, delicous, and inexpensive. In Austin, you can't get a decent italian meal, much less a decent italian meal for under $50 for four people.\u000a\u000aI know there are so many good Italian places in Pittsburgh but I just think back so fondly on this day...when me Dad liked someplace I took him :)
p265
aVPapa J's is by far my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh, my hometown.  I eat there almost every time I visit, and everything I've ever ordered has been fantastic.  Fresh ingredients, simple preparation, reasonable prices.  Also, they make the best pizza in town HANDS DOWN.
p266
aVThis is one of my husband's fave restaurants in town. My husband generally orders Chicken Parm, which is very good. Their sauce is quite good. They serve fresh bread with a plate of olive oil and balsamic vinegar for dipping -- yum.\u000a\u000a I generally order one of their house salads (think it has a specific name, but can't recall off the top of my head) which has mixed greens and I get it with blue cheese, pine nuts and their yummy vinaigrette. A tad pricey for a salad that's just lettuce and cheese (I want to say about $8 with the extras), but really good. (Especially with some cracked black peeper.) I tend to follow this up with a smaller plate like their red pepper app or the greens & beans. \u000a\u000aThe place has sort of a rustic atmosphere and can be on the loud side. It has a comfortable feeling. It also has a solid wine by the glass selection -- better than a lot of places in the 'burgh. \u000a\u000aUnfortunately, we've never had dessert there b/c we get so full of bread and dinner!
p267
aVThanks yelpers for this find. The service, the plating, the ambiance were wonderful. I had the eggplant parmigiana and it was good - but different. It was thinly sliced (like deli meat) and wasn't breaded, it was fried in a very light batter.
p268
aVThis place has been a favorite for 20 years since we returned from a trip to Italy having several weeks of fabulous fresh food, and couldn't think of any place we wanted to eat. Papa J's measures up to our expectations with great salads, bead and wine. I'm partial to the eggplant rollatini and my husband likes samplers, ravioli, fish, white pizza. I like the space with exposed brick walls-there are knowledgeable servers. Sometimes it is a bit loud- more noticable when it is empty with a large table nearby. But don't get the wrong impression -it's a great place-consistantly great food.
p269
aVGreat, authentic, classic Italian restaurant in one of the most unlikely places. \u000a\u000aI grew up eating here and make a visit nearly every time I come to town.\u000a\u000aTry the fried calamari "Roman Style" for a little kick!
p270
aVI've been to Papa J's twice and had mixed experiences.\u000a\u000aBoth times I had the banana pepper appetizer, which is great and goes really well with the FRESH and delicious bread and cheese they give you at the start of your meal.\u000a\u000aFor entrees, me and my girlfriend have had mixed experience.  I've had the fish sandwich (very good) and the eggplant parm sandwich (okay).  My girlfriend got the salad with bread and basil on it, but the basil was over powering and the bread was soggy with the dressing. \u000a\u000aThe service is also a mixed bag.  The first time our server went out of her way to take care of us and even MADE me cocktail sauce for my fish sandwich.  The second time, the server was lackluster, didn't know anything about the menu and wasn't able to take proper care of us.  \u000a\u000aI would return to Papa J's, but I my terrible experience last time isn't enough to say it would be my first pick of places to eat around Carnegie/Robinson.
p271
aVI went there for dinner last night with a client.  This is second time I visited.  I had a scotch and he had a Guiness.  The (-1) is for drink selection. Just stock some better beers and higher end scotch and you're five stars.\u000a\u000aWe started with the meatballs covered with Provolone and other blessed goodness.  These did not disappoint.  I had a four cheese pizza with sweet sausage and garlic.  It was fantastic.  They have so many good dishes, but I wanted the pizza last night.  I couldn't finish the pizza - way to go big medium pizza.\u000a\u000aI finished up with a coffee.  The parking can be a bit of a challenge on the street, but it's a small town atmosphere in Carnegie, PA.  I love the downtown there.
p272
aVWhat a wonderful surprise found in Carnegie PA, just south of Pittsburgh.  I was in town on business with a couple co-workers and after having a not so great meal the night before, we asked one of the locals for a recomendation.  They told us to try this little Italian place called Papa J's and boy did they send us to a great place.\u000a\u000aFirst off, when you walk up to the place, the front and side windows give you a fantastic open view into the kitchen from the outside.  You can stand outside and watch the chef making all the wonderful food and you can smell the fresh bread before you even walk in the door.\u000a\u000aI am not sure how long this place has been around but the kitchen looked well used, while the dining area as well as the bar looked very clean and modern, almost as if it had been freshly updated.  \u000a\u000aThe server was quick to welcome us and suggested several different items off the menu as his favorites when asked.  The three of us were very hungry and wanting to try a few different things, so we began with a Margherita pizza which was absolutely perfect.  They obviously make their own breads and dough for the pizza and I don't think this pizza could have tasted any better.  Then came bowls of Italian wedding soup which was pretty good.  Of everything there, this was the one item I probably could have done without.  Not that it was bad, but there was nothing particularly special about it.  \u000a\u000aWe also ordered the Garlic Rolls (not that the bread they already give you and the pizza was not enough carbs for 1 meal) and they were to die for.  Crunchy on the outside and warm and chewy inside, these things were a meal by themselves.  One of the guys with me said the pizza sauce would be good on them so he ordered a cup of the pizza sauce (which is fresh made there, not out of some can) and he was right.  As if these little killer bread balls with garlic were not good enough, dipped in the pizza sauce they were even that much better.  \u000a\u000aBy the time our meals came, we were all pretty full, but we pushed on and continued to eat.  I had the Veal Parmigiano which was tender and very good.  It came with a side of pasta which I tasted just to try and it was excelent as well.  Had I not been eating a weeks worth of carbs in one sitting with all the pre-meal stuff, I certainly would have finished it.  As it was, I ate most but not all of the generous portion of veal.  \u000a\u000aOne of my co-workers had the Chicken Picatta which he said was one of the best he had ever had and the other guy tried a pasta dish which he said was very good as well.  \u000a\u000aThey had a great wine selection as well at reasonable prices by the glass or bottle.\u000a\u000aOverall a fantastic experience with great food and atmosphere.  I don't really know how expensive the area is for food, but coming from the Chicagoland area, I fouknd this place to be pretty reasonable.  The three of us ate very very well for an average of aproximately $30 each not including alcahol.  Fantastic fresh food at a reasonable price, who could ask for more.\u000a\u000aMy only complaint is that I had to return to Chicago and I am now craving to return to Papa J's.  I hope work sends me out here again sometime soon!!!
p273
aVYay, I'm a fan but sometimes service is a little slow, it was very good for us this visit.  Go to Papa j's every once in a while but mostly for the White Pizza.  It is the best white pizza I have ever had.  Order the white pizza on our visit this  weekend... it has garlic, spinach, feta cheese and we usually add some veggie on top.  It was delicious!  Order fried calamari and it was OK...note to self next time try the calamari roman style.\u000a\u000aLike the dinning room with the hardwood floors and bright lighting.  \u000a\u000aThe bar was jumping thou never go to the bar.
p274
aVTerrible service.  Food unremarkable.  Waiter disappeared for 45 minutes to serve larger group due to staffing mismanagement.  Saved his tip by discounting meal after I complained.  All and all, a very crude and unpleasant dining experience for me and my guests.  Not to be repeated, never again!
p275
aVYay, I'm a fan of the white pizza.  Had take out.  \u000a\u000aThe bar was jumping when I picked up our order.\u000a\u000aThe white pizza is so delicious...with garlic, spinach, feta, and added some veggies.  Tried the Roman Style calamari, very good better than the fried calamari we had last time.
p276
aVWe met our good friends from Morgantown here for lunch today and were really impressed with the place itself and the menu. \u000a\u000aI had read a few of the reviews ahead of time and the pizza was mentioned more than once so by the time we got there, I was jonesing for it. \u000a\u000aIt certainly delivered. The crust was great, the sauce wast too sweet and the toppings were sufficient. \u000a\u000aOur friend for the baby clams with oil and garlic over angel hair and let me try a bit - as good as the pizza was, this was _much_ better. \u000a\u000aWe'll return again to this beautifully lit gem in Carnegie PA soon!
p277
aVOK, its Friday night and have about 70 minutes to eat. Driving by Papa J's and W says, lets stop in and get a quick dinner. \u000a\u000aAdvice host that we are in a hurry.  The host advised us it is a 90 minute service. The place was crowded, we were seated at the last open table. However our waiter, Jason, said he will do his best to get as out on time. We ordered our dinner immediately, with a salad and a glass of wine. In a few minutes we had our wine, then in a few more seconds we had our salads and some great homemade Italian bread with some olive oil and balsamic ving. for dipping.  Yum!\u000a\u000aJust as we were finishing our salads our dinners were delivered. Great job Jason! The Fettuccine Carbanara was very good; a thick cream sauce with bacon and ricotta.  In and out in 60 minutes.  Now that is some good service.
p278
aVI have to say that I write this review with much regret, because I have always loved PaPa J's. But my recent experience there has changed my mind a bit. \u000a\u000aFrom the minute we were seated, we were greeted by a server that was clearly inexperienced and didn't know the menu. As I said before, I've been to PaPa J's a good handful of times so I know the menu decently well, but the server couldn't explain any of the questions I had about a couple new dishes I was thinking about trying. I swear this guy must have just looked at the menu for the first time a few minutes ago.\u000a\u000aBut it wasn't just the knowledge of the menu. It was one thing after another with our server. My wife asked for a glass of water 4 times until she finally got it (at which point the meal was over, so we didn't care at that point).  I mean come on, for a restaurant of this calibre and price is it too much to ask for a glass of water? There was no one filling up water.\u000a\u000aMy biggest complaint, however, is what happened with our meals. My dad and I both ordered the trout special (trout with roasted red peppers and lump crabmeat). Instead, the meal that was delivered to both of us was trout with a heaping pile of spinach and mushrooms. Not what the special was at all.  And by the way, that item is on the menu as a regular item so whether or not the mistake was made by the server (which, we are sure it was) or the chef, who knows for certain. Not to mention, though, that a good server wouldn't have served us that regardless. \u000a\u000aBut before you think we had an unusal experience that was all due to a poor server, let me continue. When we informed our server of the mistake, he didn't really believe us until he checked his order sheet, and then he blamed the error on the chef. At this point, the meal had been sitting (because it took us forever to flag this guy down again) so the trout was basically cold. The server then said he would have the meals re-made. So, he took the meals back to the kitchen. Meanwhile, of course, my wife and mom are eating their meals and my dad and I are sitting there with no meals. Also keep in mind that my wife still had not gotten the water she had been asking for, and my iced tea had been refilled with a soda (yes, believe that or not). All the kitchen did was scrape their "mistake" off of our fish! They didn't remake anything. Our fish was served to us again with little pieces of spinach and mushrooms sticking all over it. Quite frankly, the fish wasn't good at all. I honestly would have rather had a fish sandwich from McDonald's that night. The server never did anything to try to make our experience better - he knew we weren't happy, but never offered anything such as dessert on the house. I'm not looking for a handout, but our experience was just plain awful that night. The guy never really even apologized for the mistake. Normally, I may have asked for a manager, but at this point I was ready to just get out of there (plus, we had to be somewhere else that night).\u000a\u000aMy opinion... for the money, there are many other restaurants I would rather eat at.
p279
aVThis is a regular go-to for me. I love the food and the service. They always have the wine that I like and the food is always delicious. I suggest trying the flourless chocolate cake in the front of the store (in the section where you can buy stuff to take home). It is sublime and makes you want to go to a special cozy corner just to eat it and revel in its velvety loveliness.
p280
aVI thought the interiors were very nice.  We stopped here on a Friday night & I was glad they weren't busy because nothing else in the area looked appetizing.  \u000a\u000aMy daughter & I split a chicken parm sandwich, which was really good. Instead of it being served on a hoagie, it was served on thin bread- like focaccia or something.  It was pretty good- little messy.\u000a\u000aThe desserts looked amazing.  I thought it was pretty cool how you can watch the cooks prepare the food from outside.  The kitchen is situated on a corner with lots of windows.\u000a\u000aI would return.
p281
aVsan francisco california visitor liked the food and the local is great. I am thinking about relocating to pttsbrgh area. I liked Carnegie because u can stroll down Main street and hit a couple places for lunch. I imagine this place would be crazy busy on friday or saturday night. we ate a lunchtime and it was nice.
p282
aVComing here you get the feeling they haven't changed much.  The tables, the decorations, the menu.  All the same.  Does that make you a little worried?  Yes.\u000a\u000aI ordered the mushroom ravioli and it was... oily.  Very very oily.  The actual ravioli was okay, enough mushrooms.  but it was oily.  Did I mention that?  \u000a\u000aAmbiance, like I said, left much to be desired.  I don't think I'd have this place on my list of "musts" for downtown.  Much better restaurants to visit!
p283
aVHad dinner at Papa J's with a group of 6.  I loved how the restaurant is in a old brick building with large windows. It felt like a neighborhood restaurant. On a Saturday night, the restaurant was full but not crowded.  We were seated in a room with poor acoustics.  It was difficult to hear people at our table and the waitress.  While she tried, I can see the asperation in her face when she had to repeat the specials to both sides of the table.\u000a\u000aPeople ordered bourbon on the rocks before dinner which seemed watered down, while my lemon drop was made nice.  The bread was delicious!  Can you describe it to be creamy?  The fried zucchini was lightly breaded and not too oily.  It was a large portion made up of 2 sliced zucchinis.\u000a\u000aWe ordered a variety of dishes.  The pasta dish was dry with more pasta than sauce or meat.  Those who ordered the fish special thought it was delicious.  The shrimp dish was enjoyed as well.  I had the chicken marsala which was pretty good.  The marsala sauce wasn't too thick, and the chicken moist.\u000a\u000aHard to tell if the deserts were "homemade."  The tiramisu and spumoni were small in portion and meant for one. \u000a\u000aOn the whole, I was on the fence with my overall impression of Papa J's.  "A-ok" probably is the best way to describe it.
p284
aVService in this place is poor because of lack of acknowledgment since people working there are "just" working . They have nice decor,nice bar and good bread. Consider where this place is ,the prices are really really high . Nothing is served on the side with main dishes ....
p285
aVTerrible service...terrible food...this place smells like rotten wet wood
p286
aVGreat place for dinner, drinks or a small celebration.\u000a\u000aPapa J's is one of my favorite go to places for dinner when we don't have reservations and want a nice dinner out. My husband and I have eatten here upwards of 20 times over the last few years and have never been disappointed. I assumed that when they opened the alternate bar with lounge area and extra tables for dining on the other side of the resturant that  the overall vibe of the restaurant would change and it would be very busy. I have been proved wrong.  We are always able to walk in on a weekend and get a table within a few minutes. Unfortunately, the alternate bar/lounge area isn't always open. I really don't understand why more people don't go here. \u000aMy favorites are the fried zucchini, wedding soup and pizza.The zucchini is always crispy and seasoned well. The wedding soup has big chunks of carrots and celery. My husband also enjoys the pork entrees especially the grilled pork and the pastas including the tomato cream sauce. Also, their homemade italian bread with oil and vinegar to dip is a great way to wet your appetite. Make sure to add the parmesan cheese that they put on the table. \u000a\u000aAlso, if you are looking for a good place to host a birthday party or event, consider Papa Js. They have a great catering menu and are easily able to accomodate larger parties. We had our rehersal dinner for our wedding here and everyone loved the food.
p287
aVPapa J's is expensive and inconsistent.  The ambiance is nice but it doesn't justify the prices.  There are better restaurants in Carnegie.
p288
aVThe boyfriend and I went about a year ago (early 2012) after recommendations from my sister.\u000a\u000aI had the salad - it was iceberg lettuce covered in essentially oil and salt.  It was so disgusting I couldn't eat it.  And Iceberg on an al la carte salad? with nothing else? ugh.\u000a\u000aWe had an appetizer of the stuffed pepper.  It was not even a hot pepper, and the cold meatball flopped on top was tasteless.\u000a\u000aFor dinner I had the pesto.  Essentially noodles swimming in green liquid.  Not a ton of flavor there either.\u000a\u000aThe boyfriend had the lemon chicken.  His broccoli was ROCK HARD - like wood! And the chicken was very dry.  We can make better food than was served.\u000a\u000aAfter what we paid and what we got for it, I don't even care to try it again. All of the good reviews amaze me.
p289
aVVery good restaurant with very good food at a pretty reasonable price.  We had a birthday dinner here with seven girlfriends. The waitress was very efficient , but not very friendly. Our orders came out hot and excellently prepared!  Try the tilapia milanese , it's excellent. Best steamed broccoli Iv'e ever had.
p290
aVI was pleasantly surprised by this restaurant.  Came here with no expectations.  \u000a\u000aI was greeted by a large open (garage style) window, that opened the whole lounge bar area to the street.  It had modern furnishings and the staff were quite friendly.\u000a\u000aOrdered the quattro formaggi pizza.  Quite good!!!  Great balance of cheeses.  Not too rich at all.  Crust was excellent too.  Can't wait to come back.
p291
aVJust to start off, we were a party of 12, which is always a little difficult.  We were celebrating 2 birthdays.\u000a\u000aWe LOVED the food, it was delicious. My husband got a chicken parm sandwich, which is served on a yummy flat bread, and I got the chicken basil pizza ( i got an 8 cut and several ppl tried it) we all LOVED it! It was stunning.  It was made with a very delicious crust, nice and crisp, not soggy (like pesto pizza can get)\u000a\u000aThe one waitress we had JASMINE, was fantastic!  She was bright, friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu.  She took extra time with the older ladies in our group to help them with their selections... \u000a\u000aNow... the other waitress.. Mary something was so incompetent...  She was awful and rude.  She missed 2 people on that side of the table failed to take their order and when we said something she said 'well they didn't speak up!' Ugh.  Then when it was time to sing and cut the cake, my sister in law said 'oh hey can you get the cake so we can sing?'  She came back, cut the cake (all crazy with some huge pieces and some super small pieces like she never in her life cut a sheet cake) and we didn't even sing!  We were mad!!\u000a\u000aThe place is so pretty, they have a new addition that was just built within the last 2 years (according to my father in law) and its really nice.  They look to have a cool bar area with some modern couches and a really sweet look.   \u000a\u000aSo good food, great looking place.. one bad waitress. Prices are about middle of the road for an authentic Italian place, nothing crazy.  All in all, we'd like to go back again, but we want Jasmine!
p292
aVThe menu has lots of choices and the food is great! The Resturante has been expanded so it's pretty large. The new section has door that they leave open during nice weather which makes for a nice ambience! The bread is great and fresh baked daily!
p293
aVI have been to this restaurant twice and was disappointed both times. I won't go back. The first time we were there almost 3 hours. It took forever to order and then forever for our food to come and the place was empty. When I complained the manager was very rude and tried to blame us for taking to long to order. It made no sense, how could we order when the waitress wasn't coming to the table? After arguing with me he ended up taking $6 off of our $200+ bill. Ridiculous. If it were up to me I would have never returned. Unfortunately my family decided to go here again tonight. Again it took a long time to get our food. My food was cold and bland, my kids food was cold. My husbands salmon was burnt to a crisp and my sister in law took one bite of her trout and refused to eat any more because she claims it was so disgusting. The wedding soup and bread were good, but that's it! My drink sat empty throughout my meal and never got refilled even when I asked. Bad food, slow service and rude managers. I'll pass on this place if my family decides to go again. Not worth it at all with all the other good Italian options around.
p294
aVDelicious!  Everything I've ever had here was great!  The white pizza is a MUST!  Always amazing!  I'm also a big fan of the chicken piccatta.  The bread that they bring to the table is delicious too!  They have a wide variety of selections on the menu and they also have nightly specials that always sound great!  Their prices are also reasonable.  Overall, I highly recommend this place!
p295
aV2nd times a charm. This place was 3.5 starts the first time I came, but stepped up large tonight.  Waitress was righteous and very fun.  Food was all excellent.  Caesar salad tasty--got with tomatoes big $ on that, fettuccini carbornara with bacon n smoky cream flavor.  Can't wait for the leftovers!!  The white pizza is that star though.  The crust/dough is heavenly and the flavor is top shelf.  I don't throw those accolades out easily, especially on pie, but this joint serves it up.  Good vibe, great service, phenomenal food.  Ill be back.
p296
aVService was great. Apps delish, specifically the stuffed banana peppers & lentil with ham soup. I think I chose the wrong entree though because I ordered a cod with crabmeat special. The cod was completely tasteless with some crabmeat layed across the top. It all reminded me of boiled fish. Yuck! Note to self. Order the pasta!
p297
aVI love this place! The food is always so fresh and delicious. The staff is always friendly, as well.
p298
aVspinach/feta cheese salad:  B-\u000apesto alfredo penne :  :A+\u000aCoconut Cake huge piece:  A+\u000abread small portions:  B\u000aService B \u000ahost seemed grumpy, waitress good, but then she got busy .\u000aPRICE: Pasta was $15 and the portion smallish more like a $12.99 dish \u000aARRIVE EARLY ON SATURDAY NIGHT THIS PLACE PACKED after 6pm
p299
aVIt was just what we were looking for. The service was great. My husband had the veal sausage on green pepper appetizer in the larger size. It was great (spicy) and enough for a meal. I had the stuffed eggplant. That was very good but the sauce could have been a bit heartier. I would definitely go back. Really nice atmosphere and free parking in the back.
p300
aVWe stopped at Papa J's last Friday night (8/1) for a round of drinks. There were 7 of us altogether and we had eaten at another restaurant earlier in the evening.  One member of our party walked up to the bar to let them know we were sitting on the couches along the wall, as it was fairly busy that night. In the short time that he was there, a man who was behind the bar looked at him and then turn away without saying a word or notifying anyone else. He then turned to a waitress who had approached the service area of the bar and asked her if  we could have a server take our drink order. She said "yep" and then abruptly turned and walked away. At that point, he asked to see the manager  who came a few minutes later. When my friend told him of what had occurred, the manager said "What do you want me to do"?\u000a\u000aMy friend said "An apology would be a good start" whereupon the manager looked back at him and said "Get out and don't come back" ???????? Are you kidding????\u000a\u000aMy friend is well traveled and frequently stays at higher end hotels and dines at quality restaurants. He was not screaming or belligerent in any way, shape, or form; simply informing the manager of what had occurred. \u000a\u000aThat being said, we left and went back to 131 East, where we had previously eaten. The service there was fabulous, as was the meal and the drinks creative and exquisite.\u000a\u000aThere are new restaurants that have opened in Carnegie as of late. Papa J's is no longer the only game in town.  Obviously this is the way a simple complaint is handled by management. Appalling!!  Do yourself a favor and frequent any of the other restaurants that are within walking distance of Papa J's. They understand the concept of  customer service.
p301
aVSome of the best chow around--love this place. The bread and salads and soups are great.
p302
aVFinally, great Tuscan-style Italian food in Pittsburgh, not that tasteless stuff that locals think is Italian.\u000a\u000aThe bread was warm and fresh. The bolognese sauce was creamy and rich, and unlike most restaurants was made with veal. I love the fresh smell of baking bread throughout the restaurant.\u000a\u000aI'm looking forward to working my way through the menu of chicken options, and next time, I'm saving room for dessert! The display of cakes and pastries at the door was amazing.
p303
aVMan has this place gone down hill.  My husband and I went a couple of weeks ago.  We had salads and pasta.  Both were on the verge of inedible.  With a single glass of wine, I felt downright robbed at the $50 price tag.  Seriously, I could have easily made what we had with jarred sauce and boxed pasta at home. Classico is better.  And the service was pretty absent to make it even worse... seemed she knew it was terrible and didn't want to deal with it.  Seriously, I'd rather eat at the OG.
p304
aVFood was NOT GOOD at all! My husband & I ate here a couple weeks ago for the first time. I ordered a salad & basil pesto cream pasta & my husband ordered the spinach & feta pasta. The salad was just a huge plate of spring mix (nothing else in it) with WAY to much vinegar dressing. My lettuce was drowning in the vinegar. My pesto pasta had no flavor (did not taste like a cream sauce to me) & the pesto was so runny/watery & way too much sauce not enough noodles. My husband's pasta had even less flavor than mine. We ate about a quarter of the food & couldn't even finish it. We took it home & it was so bad I didn't even eat my leftovers. And I hate wasting food!! Plus the prices are expensive for the amount of food you get & of course the poor quality. Don't waste your time eating here. There are much better Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh.
p305
aVOnce upon a time, Papa J's was a great place to eat. Great food and knowledgeable wait staff.\u000aUnfortunately, after a couple of very unsatisfactory meals we will not be going back. \u000aLooking for a great Italian meal? Look elsewhere.
p306
aVWell, Papa J's has officially priced itself out of our budget. We ordered 2 salads with gorgonzola and pine nuts and the total was $35.98!!! $18 per salad??!?!? Really?! I was stunned when I saw the bill! It's lettuce, cheese, and pine nuts! $18 / salad?! Totally crazy!
p307
aVOur pizza was cold and our drinks where empty.  We are not going back.!  The waitress started as attentive, but slowly slipped away to the point where things became frustrating.
p308
aVTalk about overpriced. $18 for a fairly basic pasta with some obviously frozen chicken chopped up over it. The latter was terrible, thin and flabby and rather unappealing. The pasta itself was ok, as was the sauce. The desserts are pretty good. But honestly, that is a $10 dish whose price has been inflated.
p309
aVWonderful food. Some items a little over priced. But never disappointed.\u000a\u000aI have friends that LOVE the white pizza. I have seen two people eat their weight in the stuff.\u000a\u000aI love their fresh salads. HUGE. The house dressing is perfect every time. We have been there many times and it just doesn't get old.\u000a\u000aWe always have the beans and greens. The meatball appetizer is superb. By-pass the chicken parm, it's the only thing we have ever found lacking....it's just really plain. The alfredo is excellent.\u000a\u000aWe, almost never go anywhere else in Carnegie because we like this place so much.
p310
aVI struggle to write this review simply because this dining experience confused me. First, the restaurant itself is on a convenient corner st in downtown Carnegie's main street. When you walk in you the first thing you see is a counter filled with desserts and amazing looking house made breads. It rather looks like a deli counter. You have to walk around to get to the hostess station and then can go left to the bar or right to the dining area. A bit confusing layout, but tastefully done. The dining area is brighter than the rest of the restaurant. It felt much more upscale once in the dining area, but I did find the overall restaurant tastefully unique. \u000a\u000aThe food - A wide range of Italian dishes and seafood. We ordered the crab hozel as an appetizer. It was an average serving of lump crab meat, I had to ask for cocktail sauce. It was tasty, but cost us $18. We then ordered the veal and shrimp entree with sauteed veggies like artichokes, eggplant, peppers, etc. There were 4 smaller sized cutlets of veal and 3 shrimp. $28. There was no salad or pasta side offered. The dish was prepared properly and was OK. We just felt it needed something else. \u000a\u000aNow the bread that was offered to our table came in a small basket and was filled with a variety of their house made breads. The pepperoni bread was AMAZING! I mean really delish. This alone I would have given 5 stars. \u000a\u000aThe service - Our server was...well....I'm not sure what he was quite frankly. Annoying?Confused? Hyper?  He appeared to have no idea what he was doing half the time. Bouncing around the table, asking the same questions over and over, forgetful, spastic, etc. At one point one of my colleagues said, "Is he on crack?" We chuckled, but seriously! He forgot to even ask us if we wanted dessert, which was too bad because we saw some amazing looking offerings in the cases as we were leaving.\u000a\u000aOverall - If I were in the area again I would definitely stop in to get some pepperoni bread to go, as they do sell it by the loaves. However, I think I would try somewhere else to dine.
p311
aVMany trips to Pittsburgh over 20 years.  First time here.  Had the gnocchi special.  One of the best Gnocchi I have ever had.  Pizza was excellent.  Service was great!
p312
aVDid dinner with my GF last Saturday at PaPa J's prior to going to the Off The Wall Theater. This was the first time we've been to this restaurant. We usually stop a Riley's Pour House across the street for a bite before seeing a show in this town but today we decided to shake it up and do something different.\u000a\u000aThe place is deceptively larger than it looks from the outside. It was also busier than we would have expected on this particular evening and we got one of the remaining tables which was located near the entrance and the bar. The traffic from both the customers and the staff that flowed past us was a little noisy and distracting and we could tell that's why it was one of the last tables available. But our waitress came by promptly, got us drinks (I had a Hoegaarden and my girl ordered an Absolute water and cranberry), gave us menus and recited the specials of the day.\u000a\u000aAfter viewing the menu for a bit, I decided on the Veal Parmigiano; my date went with one of the specials, a chicken and broccoli gnocchi dish. The plates took about 15 minutes to arrive and the portions were humongous... enough for a filling lunch the next day. My veal was tender and delicious but it's really the gnocchi that left the biggest impression. You could tell that it was house made; it was like little fluffy pillows dissolving in your mouth with each bite. I never tasted gnocchi like it before.\u000a\u000aOver all I give PaPa J's a big thumbs up. The food was good, most of the dinning area's seemed cozy, the building itself has a certain charm with its high ceiling and the tables draped in white table cloths give it a pristine appearance. Although I thought it was a bit pricy, I didn't feel as if I've been taken.  Other than the location of our table, it was the pre-theater perfect meal. I only hope get a more intimate table next time we stop for dinner.
p313
aVA unique and great find in downtown Carnegie. My fiance and I came here for a weekend lunch and wanted something different from our usual weekend spots. We had the sausage stuffed pepperoncini's as an appetizer (these are never my favorite and were just OK, but the marinara served with them was very tasty, as was their homemade bread), I had a really great wood fired meatball/ ricotta pizza and fiance had the chicken parm sandwich. Our waiter was very attentive and friendly. I ordered a cannoli on the way out the door and it was FANTASTIC. Not overly sweet, crunchy-chocolate dipped shell stuffed with thick cream and mini chocolate chips. Amazing. We will definitely be back here!
p314
aVWe came to Carnegie to check out the Black Lamb consignment shop. Lucky for us that we also discovered PaPa J's--we loved it! The fried calamari appetizer was excellent, as was the fettuccine carbonara. We'll be headed back to this place as often as we can for a real Italian dining experience.
p315
aVOk a few things. First we walked in and asked for a table and was told it would be 5 mins. So after 10 mins, we were seated and there was 10 tables that were open! Why the hell was there a wait??? The older man that took us to the table could have done nicer. The bread was great and that was about it. The food was not bad but it was not good.
p316
aVI wrote a letter to the Papa J's, but did not receive a reply therefore I will share my experience online.\u000a\u000aTonight a friend and I dined at your location. We were seated in the bar area by the sidewalk, which is what we requested because of the great weather and the happy hour specials. Our server took our order of a gingerale, fried zucchini appetizer, side salad, wedding soup , eggplant rolotini and chicken piccata ( correct spelling).\u000a\u000aWe thoroughly enjoyed the bread & wedding soup.\u000aThe side salad was rather bland and unexciting, lacking flavor & texture. The Spring salad consisted of leaf lettuce, a single slice of tomato and one black olive. I would have expected some additions such as onions, peppers, cheese, cucumbers, croutons, carrots and the like.\u000a \u000a  We enjoyed the fresh air while waiting for our appetizer, but were growing concerned that it would arrive too close to the meal, so we asked the server ( bartender ) about the appetizer and he told us that he had forgot to "put it in". He offered to put it in at this point, but advised us that our meals would be out soon. We decided to just wait for our meals and forgo the appetizer which were looking forward to. \u000a \u000a  The main dishes were acceptable, not outstanding. The eggplant was very tasty and well prepared.  The Chicken Piccata was flavorful, but not as expected.\u000aThe chicken seemed to have been steamed or baked. It had no signs of being coated and sautéed  to a rich golden brown. The chicken was just pale white.\u000aThe sauce was a simple lemon flavor, it lacked any depth that would have resulted from the browning of the chicken. I tasted no garlic or shallots. The sauce lacked that famous tang usually supplied by capers, which were absent.  No pasta was served with the chicken. The side of vegetables were well cooked, buy again lacked any real flavor. The would have benefited from a roasting which would have produced a rich savory taste produced by extraction of the natural sugars.\u000a\u000a  Once our meals were finished  our plates were taken and we waited another 20 minutes for the check. The server seemed more concerned with what was on television rather than his customers. The total was $43 and change.\u000aI would have expected the salad and soup would have been removed from the bill for the error of not putting in our appetizer order, but no such offer was made and \u000aI saw no manager come around and check on the customers, as is customary.\u000aI am hesitant to go back to this restaurant or  recommend it to anyone after tonights dining experience.  I hope this feedback will be beneficial to your business.
p317
aVThis is it. My favorite in the Pittsburgh area. \u000a\u000aI moved out of the area for 10 years and this was the first meal I had back. There was a table of Italians speaking Italian behind me - how much more authentic can you get?!?\u000a\u000aI bring all of my out of town guests here and not one had been left disappointed. My recommendations are to order the mozzarella carozza (or however it's spelled) and then one of the specials. If you aren't into a special, you'll be fine - order off the menu. But the specials are typically amazing. \u000a\u000aWhen my better half was living 4 hours away, he drove into town and I made him get back in he car to go here. Instead if complaining, he asked if we could take his parents next time.
p318
aVI gave them 4 stars for two reasons - 1) they do not have fresh pasta and 2) my boyfriend's chicken Abruzzo was dry. The service was attentive and the bread was amazing. My Carbonara was incredible! The main dining room was a nice grotto style reminiscent of Rome; nice for couples and girlfriends catching up on life. I loved the Montpluciano in a carafe, but don't miss the extensive Italian wine list. We will definitely return to this Carnegie gem!
p319
aVYummy Yum, Let me get me some.  This place rocks!!! Went here with the wife and had a great dinner.  Portions are very generous and the food is delicious.  Be prepared to pay top dollar though for the entrees, but they are worth every penny!
p320
aVGreat restaurant. Had the Eggplant Parmesan and it was very good. Bradley was our server and he was on top of things all the time. Prices are reasonable and the decor is inviting. Can't wait to go back.
p321
aVWe recently decided to celebrate our anniversary at Papa J's. There is a parking lot in the back of the building and the entrance is on the side. The food was perfectly prepared, served at the proper temperature, and was quite delicious. Portion sizes were quite satisfying. The complimentary bread and oil was excellent. The service was polite and efficient.
p322
aVHad dinner with a friend. My friend ordered veal and they brought him sausage. The waitress was extremely rude. He never did get the correct meal. When We talked to the manager, his answer  was .,"well what do you want me to do fire the waitress?" Too many good restaurants in that area to tolerate bad attitude!
p323
aVI stopped by here a couple of Fridays ago with my wife and 3 other couples.  Another couple in our party had made reservations before hand and when we arrived a couple of minutes after that time, we were immediately taken to our table.  Whenever you first walk into Papa Js you immediately head past both their dessert case and bread making area.  That is pure genius on their part as both their desserts and bread look good!  Then to get to our table we also walked past a bar and up a flight of stairs.  After that I didn't really see much else of the restaurant.\u000a\u000aAfter our whole party had arrived and our waitress had taken all of our drink orders she came back up to our table and promised us that she would be back shortly as she had some desserts to take to a table.  After about 15 minutes or so she finally did make it back to our table.  For my dinner entree I decided on having the Romano chicken.  It came out a short time later with a side of broccoli.  The chicken had a nice golden color to its breading and tasted pretty good although a bit salty.  I can take at least some credit for that though as I may have used the Parmesan that was on the table quite liberally.  Meanwhile the broccoli was over cooked for my tastes and seemed mushy whenever I bit into it.\u000a\u000aThe bottom line for me is that I might stop by here again in the future.  I wouldn't be the person to recommend it but I also wouldn't turn it down.  I feel like the prices were fair for what you got and only wish that the service was a little better.
p324
aVOne of my favorite places in Pittsburgh!  Reasonable prices & delicious food.  Only one weird quirk - they don't bring the delicious fresh bread until you order - but it is complementary (sometimes they will if you ask nicely, but it doesn't come automatically). \u000a\u000aEverything is super fresh - my friends & I always order a salad or two as a starter (they are huge & don't offer side portions) - I strongly recommend the panzanella salad.  \u000a\u000aThen, any of the pastas. Seriously, they are all good!  \u000a\u000aIf you remember to save room for dessert - the cakes are all GIANT!  Definitely enough to share (probably with a large table).
p325
aVWe visited on 11/15 with a party of 15.  While I know a party of 15 can be overwhelming, we did call in advance for reservations. Thus, allowing proper staffing. We arrived early and headed to the bar. The bartender there greeted us quickly and took great care of us. When it was time for our reservation we were seated immediately. That is where the efficiency and service took a turn for the worst. We sat for 20 minutes before a server came to our table. At that point, she said I'll grab you water and bread.  Another 10 minutes go by and members of our party went to the bar to grab drinks as the server vanished (still no water or bread). She finally comes back to the table with bread (no waters) and takes our drink orders (about 40 mins into sitting at the table). Next thing we know, a nice gentleman by the name of Patrick is our NEW server. He really stepped up the service and should be commended. However, we ordered the veal stuffed banana peppers which arrived cold. We also ordered the "incredible white pizza" which was incredibly cold. While Patrick stepped up the service the entire experience was fairly terrible.\u000aNot once did the front of house manager come check on us. \u000aThis is the second time I've visited and the 2nd time I've been disappointed.\u000aAlso, I wrote to the restaurant and received no response.
p326
aVI never write reviews but my New Year's Eve was ruined due to how awful my experience was. \u000a\u000aThe food was subpar but it was a lost cause by the time we got it. For $50 a person it was terrible. The menu was a small, select menu. I got the shrimp and veal and my veal was dry. But as for the real issue....\u000a\u000aLast night for NYE we went for dinner with the intention of going out to celebrate after. we had reservations for 7pm made weeks in advance. We didn't get our food until around 930 and didn't get our check for another hour. We were there for an hour and a half before we even got bread. Everything we asked for was "I'll get it to you in a little bit." I ordered a drink 3 times and never got it. I don't understand because it was not busy at all and they only had a select menu. You'd think they'd have a handle on things. How don't you have salads ready and made in a cooler or bread baskets prepared when reservations were made weeks ago? \u000a\u000aAnyway, we all ended up missing our reservations at other events we had planned for after dinner. I'll probably never go back again.
p327
aVA large group of us have enjoyed an excellent dinner for the past three years and each year it gets better and better.  We order entrees from all areas of the menu. The bread and antipasto are exceptional.  Attentive and friendly staff with strong knowledge of the menu.
p328
aVMy husband and I dinned at Papa J's last evening with another couple.  We came equipped with up to $ 14.00 off coupon we had planned to use, and they planned on using their Entertainment Book coupon.  We were told, rather harshly and rudely that we could only use one coupon per table...hard and fast rule of the establishment.  But we protested, there are 2 couples here, paying on separate checks, so can't understand this rule.  Said they would take up to 3 Entertainment Book coupons per table, but not the one that drew us in from online Clipper Magazine.  What difference does it make which coupon you use???? If you allow one, why not the other!  Not building a "come back" attitude for us customers, and we don't intend to go back.  Some food was really good, while other meals were just ok, esp. in portion size.  All menu items are ala carte, so pretty pricey, so coupon discount would have been nice.  Waiter we had, though he said he had been there for 21yrs, was pretty abrasive and a little neglectful with his service.
p329
aVWorst service of all time. 2 hours for a pizza and had to repeat ourselves to the waiter 5 time throughout the night. Then asked for the bill and was given a bill 3 times the amount ours should have been with a bunch of items that should not be on there. Place is a total joke.
p330
aVWhat a class act!  Feels like a restaurant right in Italy.  Beautiful linen draped, candlelit tables with a selection of dining areas.  Extensive menu.  Wonderful wedding soup, obviously house made.  Every entree in our group was superb.  Chicken and pork dishes wonderful.  Pasta cooked properly and great sauce.  Wait staff were neatly well dressed and extremely cordial.  This restaurant is a must!  Had a great Pecan ball and luscious yellow cake for dessert.
p331
aV5 Stars. It's that good. Freshly made, and you can taste that it is. The pasta alfredo was made to order. It was so delicious, I think they used the pasta water to make the sauce, incredible. Reasonbly priced. Clean atmosphere. Knowledgable server, thank you Patrick. We had a great dining experience.
p332
aVAlways a treat to have dinner at Papa J's ! Been going there for years and the quality is always the best. Always proud to take new peeps to savor the menu delights! Michael from Mt. Lebanon.
p333
aVThought it was awesome... first time I've been there and with most of the family...16 of us... they accommodated us well... The sever was very knowledgeable and was fast... as expected since such a big party... Food was great although I over stuffed with appetizers, bread & oil,and beverages...  Not your average Italian restaurant
p334
aVSuperb service and food. Parking can be a little tough and this place is a bit pricey. If you can get in and are okay paying a little more you will not be disappointed.
p335
aVWe went here tonight and I'm torn on how to review this establishment. I haven't been here in years and now I remember why. \u000a\u000aWe picked the calamari pepper topped for an appetizer and it was fabulous. It better have been at $13. \u000aThey had numerous specials and the females picked the gnocchi entrees which were fantastic but at a price tag of $25 per, which we only discovered at bill time. Shame on us for not asking the price and no wonder the server was pushing those dishes. I had the chicken parm and it was a nice portion for $15. \u000aThe cappuccino cheesecake was good but small at $6. The place was packed and drinks were sparse but the glasses were way too small.\u000aOverall an expensive but enjoyable evening. If picking a special, do yourself a favor and ask the prices.
p336
aVFantastic gem in Pittsburgh. We were up in Pittsburgh for a family function and looking for a great Italian joint for dinner, we reviewed Yelp and discovered PaPa J's, we couldn't be happier! The food was spot on, and there was absolutely nothing wrong with the meal. If your looking for authentic Italian, don't miss this place.
p337
aVLove this place especially the garden salad with feta and pine nuts. When I am working close to Carnegie, I schedule my day around lunch here. The homemade breads are amazing too. Great atmosphere and service make this one of my favorites close to Downtown Pittsburgh.
p338
aVThe last visit I overlooked the $25 gnocchi special. The reason it bothered me was they tell you the specials but not the prices. Okay, shame on us for not asking.\u000aMy daughter wanted to try here again for her birthday. So I've decided I'd go against my not go there anymore and appease her.\u000a\u000aWe've been here 30 minutes and just got our water. Our appetizer has yet to come out. The bread is apparently just as scarce. Hey but we have a full cup of fresh parm cheese. \u000aI ordered the chicken marsala and I was informed there's an up charge for pasta with my meal. Really? Potatoes or pasta are always included with marsala. \u000aHooray the appetizer finally comes out and half ass warm and horribly bland. \u000aWe asked for a manager and the waitress overheard us and asked us is there an issue. Ma'am please just leave us alone as we will speak to the manager. 5 minutes and crickets, yep you guessed it, no manager to our table. And to boot the waitress stood there staring at us which is why the ma'am please leave us alone. It was like she was a demon possessed. \u000aBefore I imploded, we had to walk out. Never ever again will we return here. Time to find somewhere else to enjoy my daughters birthday.
p339
aVThe food was ok no Complaints  it is sitting at the bar and watching  the male bartender  stand around  doing literally  nothing  while the woman bartender  bust her ass made it a uncomfortable  night especially  knowing  that  they will pull tips not returning  again and shame on the two manager  for not notice  it
p340
aVI wanted to love this place. We started off with a Caesar salad, we asked is the dressing homemade we were told yes however I have had a number of homemade Caesars and this was deff not. They also topped it off with one crouton? My meal was the chicken breast with bone  in and broccoli. Chicken came out literally the size of chicken nuggets and my broccoli was basically raw and cold. I have three stars because the bread was actually really good and my finances meal was also mediocre. He had the eggplant rolitini and in my opinion it had a weird flavor. We would go back to try the pizza but I wouldn't suggest wasting 50 bucks on this meal.
p341
aVLiterally just walked out after waiting at our table for 15 minutes with no server in site. We were never even offered drinks. It was embarrassing! Others came in after us ans were serves. Not us. Your food may be good, but the service is deplorable! Just so rude.
p342
aVThis place is wonderful. My husband and I had our first date here so that's why we chose this place for our rehearsal dinner. The food is phenomenal. They were so accommodating for the guests we had that had allergies. They recommended various ways for us to save money like bringing our own wine and dessert. They were incredibly attentive and everything was just perfect. I can't say enough good things! Every time we come here the food is wonderful and the staff polite and helpful. We will definitely continue to keep coming back here for years to come!
p343
aVI'm up in the air about how I feel regarding Emmert Dental. Being that it is located in Market Square can be both a good or bad thing. Parking is scarce not to mention you have to pay for it yet you have great restaurants and coffee places around you. The office itself is old and raggedy looking but the staff are young and hip. I think possibly a little too young and hip. My dentist knew what she was doing but I didn't adore her. I'm still working out my bill because they charged me too much on my copay and don't really seem to have all their info. together. After a cleaning and fillings, I think I'm going to look for somewhere else to get my future dental work done...
p344
aVI've decided where I stand with Emmert Dental. They are unprofessional, rude and have no clue what they're doing (behind the desk). I will not be going back nor will I have nice things to say about them.
p345
aVTHE WORST DENTAL EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE.  THEY ARE BUTCHERS!  My husband and I went to Emmert Dental in Bethel Park for a routine cleaning and check up.  I had one tooth that I had a recent root canal on and a few small cavities that needed filled.  After the so called dentist - Dr Carnavali - did my exam, I needed 3 additional root canals and an extraction! An extraction on the tooth that just had a root canal. I was told that part of the tooth had broken off and that a crown was no longer possible.  I didn't know any better, so I agreed to schedule the extraction for a few weeks later. The "dentist" wanted to extract it that day, but I had plans for the weekend and was not about to be in pain. So, 2 weeks later, I went in for the extraction.  After they gave me novocaine they get me with "you need a bone graft also in that area since we are extracting that tooth". I have never had any issues with bone loss with previous extractions so I didn't feel it was necessary. I had 3 employees surrounding me, pressuring me for this bone graft. So, I reluctantly agreed. I had to pay $259.00 for this "bone graft". So, I signed everything. I wasn't even given enough time to read the document, so I should have known and got up and left right then and there. The "dentist" started the extraction. I have never been so uncomfortable in my life. He pulled on my tooth, used a metal instrument to pound on my tooth and was pulling so hard that my head was coming up and slamming back down against the head rest.  Finally, after a good 15 minutes of this torture, he ripped the tooth out of the side of my jaw. I was literally ganging from all the blood running down the back of my throat. He then stuck some pink powder up in the extraction area. I'm assuming this was the bone graft.  I ended up with many stitches. I was given an antibiotic and instructed to schedule an appointment for the following Saturday so they could start the bridge. Then I was hit with a bill of $569.00! My insurance covers 100% of extractions.  I was in so much pain for 2 weeks following the extraction. Pain severe enough that I had to call off work and I couldn't sleep at night.  I refused to go back to Emmert Dental.  And after a visit to a very reputable dentist, an endodontist and an oral surgeon, I have to have oral surgery to try and repair the damage Emmert Dental has done to my mouth.  They caused a very large deformity in my jaw and I am at risk to lose additional teeth.  Save yourself a lot of time, money and pain.  Emmert dental only cares about the money, will over charge you and leave you less than happy with the dental work.  They are butchers and should not even call themselves dentist. And if you have an issue with their billing practices, don't expect to that resolved easily.  I have called numerous times and I am always told that the manager and or billing department is not in.  I have contacted the BBB and a lawyer.  I expect and want a full refund.  No one should have to go thru what I am currently going thru.  They do unnecessary extractions so they can do a more expensive procedure such as a bridge or an implant.  Now I have to go thru oral surgery, more pain and suffering and more time missed from work because of Emmert Dental.  And the root canals they said I needed, my current dentist and my endodontist both agreed that I do not need tooth canals.  In fact, the teeth are perfectly healthy.  They are crooks and butchers.
p346
aVThe worst dental office I ever been. No one can beat it!!! You should avoid it at any time.
p347
aVDespite the low rating here on Yelp, I don't feel this dental office is all that bad. The office looks new or renovated, clean and organized. Emmert Dental has three locations: Settler's Ridge, Market Square and Bethel Park. I'm usually a patient of the Market Square location of Emmert Dental and so far, I prefer the Settler's Ridge location. I came here for an emergency appointment and this was the only office that could squeeze me in. I arrived 15 minutes early and they called me back exactly at my appointment time. The assistant was so friendly and made me feel comfortable at all times. The doctor was also friendly and made a great effort to make sure I left satisfied. I was in and out in a matter of minutes and the service was great.
p348
aVI went here to have my teeth cleaned and they told me they found a cavity. Since I have never had a cavity in my life, I asked the dentist to show it to me on the x-ray and he said he wasn't able to. I didn't feel comfortable with his diagnosis so I went to another dentist (whose office is not a chain like Emmert) and that dentist did not find a cavity. This was three years ago and my teeth are fine, still no cavities. \u000a\u000aI don't believe in going to a dental chain and I don't recommend anyone else goes either. I have read horrible articles about their pushy sales tactics and performing un-needed procedures which is what I would have experienced at Emmert had I not been smart enough to find a second opinion. There are better, independent dentists in the area and I recommend people to go to them.
p349
aVWould not have my dogs teeth cleaned here ! This place is one of the worst dental offices I've ever walked into . Enough said
p350
aVI've never posted a yelp review before.  This meal was so horrible that I downloaded the yelp app just so I could warn others to stay away!  We ordered food from Capri since we were going to voodoo brewery.  We ordered a cheesesteak with no mayo and an Italian calzone since the person working there talked up the calzones.  We ended up with a cheesesteak heavy on the mayo and an Italian wedgie, which was just a folded up pizza full of mayo and onions.  No sign of Italian meat to be found.  No marinara sauce.  It was inedible.  We ended up walking to kfc instead.  \u000a\u000aI want to leave a zero star rating, but yelp won't let me.  So they get an undeserved star.
p351
aVI judge a pizza joint by their cheese pizza and their pepperoni.  While grabbing a brew at Voodoo, my friends and I were feeling a bit hungry.  Thankfully a menu was available and Capri pizza was just across the street. \u000a\u000aWe ordered a small cheese pizza to pick up.  I was pleasantly surprised!  The cheese was not greasy, the sauce was flavorful, and the dough was chewy yet crunchy... what more could you ask for?  We were really impressed with the quality cheesy pizza from Capri.\u000a\u000aNext time we'll try the pepperoni and post an update.  I see yummy pizza in our future.  If you're grabbing a pint a Voodoo and feel a rumbly in your tumbly, order something cheesy at Capri Pizza in Homestead.
p352
aVI never even made it inside! After pulling into the parking lot and getting out of my car I was "greeted" by a HUGE bouncer who wanted to search me. If a pizza place needs a bouncer then it is NOT the kind of place I want to eat at. Must draw a dangerous crowd or something.
p353
aVA vehicle with the doors, truck opened, music playing, backed up to the front door was my first indication that I was is in the wrong place.  The bouncer was pleasant, however he wanted to search me prior to entering.  I said no and turned around and left.  You may want to consider having the pizza delivered.
p354
aVEat at your own risk. The service is terrible, the staff seem to be generally clueless, the management is inclined to blame the staff for their own mistakes, and there's no sense of FAST in their fast food. When we came, half of the menu board was still on breakfast, and it was 4:30p. The only thing they have going for them is that the food is hot and tastes just like McDonald's should. \u000a\u000aThen again, the franchise is owned by Rice, and I've come to take terrible service is their MO.
p355
aVMy expectations for McDonalds are t rarely high. But for one to still fail so spectacularly...that takes something special!\u000aThe cashier took my friends's order, then promptly ignored me. I had to force myself in front of a cashier who opened his register to wait on the person BEHIND me. I waited over five minutes for a gigantic order that included precisely one kid's meal. After watching two people who ordered after me be handed their food, I asked where mine was. The manager started yelling at the cashiers for "serving off their orders" when they didn't have their food. But neither cashier was anywhere near those controls, and the manager was the one serving food to customers and clearing the boards.\u000aThe manager was rude when giving me my order. She didn't make sure that I had everything ON MY RECEIPT, and never even had the decency to apologize that I felt I was getting poor service.\u000aI've eaten at various McDonalds restaurants for over 30 years. I've worked at more than one location. I expect bad days, bad moods, and the occasional mistake. But I have yet to have a decent experience at this store. It will remain a place I avoid unless someone in my party needs to avoid illness from low blood sugar. Perhaps I should go back to the racially biased service of Steak n Shake instead!
p356
aVThis McDonald's is so bad it's amazing.  \u000a\u000aOrder:  Big mac, large fries, diet coke.\u000a\u000aThe soda machine was broken.   No sodas.\u000a\u000aThen I got to the window.  "We rang you up for medium fries."   (Not what I asked for)  "Well, if you want a large, you're gonna have to wait 4 minutes.  We just started a new batch."\u000a\u000aLeft with:  Big mac, medium fries, no coke.\u000a\u000aActually, now that I think about it, this was one of my better experiences there...
p357
aVI should be able to give this McDonalds 0 stars.  If they had an award for worst McDonalds in and around Pittsburgh this would take the cake.  It blows my mind too.  Being in the Waterfront a manager could make this place shine but there's no polishing a turd.  P*ss poor service, a filthy dining room, filthy bathrooms, attitudes by the workers... If I had to give a real world example of what "Misery loves company meant", I would take you here and make you order food and sit down and eat.  If McDonalds depended on this one to do good they would of went out of business years ago.  I've gonna here a dozen times and 11 and a half times had the worst experience and the worst food I ever had from a McDonalds.  I'm sorry to be this harsh but you know what, no I'm not sorry.  This McDonalds ruined some of my best days and everyone needs to know to stay away.  I'd rather a second Chik Fil A at the Waterfront than this place.  \u000a\u000aStay away.  Far far far far away.  Don't even look at this place, cover the side of your face and just keep driving.  There's nothing to see here.
p358
aVlooooong wait, always screws up my orders. poor customer service. was going to hire me but said I had to go somewhere else to do my orientation.
p359
aVService was a bit slow but the food was just what you would expect from McDonalds!  Everyone was very friendly and the bathroom was clean...which made my 5 year old very happy!
p360
aVBest McDonald's I have been to! Everyone is so sweet and friendly! The drive through line was long but i got theough super fast. There were even napkins in the bag (which never even happens.) It wasnt always that good, i used to go to Wendy's to avoid the rude workers. But, it's great now!
p361
aVThis McDonald's has never been that great, but last night they reached an all time low. I ordered a big Mac and large fries. It was obvious that the fries were old and they refried them to heat them up. The bun of the big Mac was so stale, it was almost rock hard and most of the lettuce was turning brown. I have officially given up on going here. I'll drive the extra distance to go to the one in Oakland from now on.
p362
aVWorst mcdonalds i have ever been to. Last time i went chicken nuggets were under cooked. People were getting refunds wait time was so long. My daughter asked for gogurt w happy meal got apples had to wait 10 min to change to gogurt. Soda is watered down and gross. Rude staff doesnt know what they are doing. Will never go back even though its the closest one to me.
p363
aVI've been to a lot of McDonald's in my time, this is the worst. Service was unbelievably slow, only frowns all around and not very clean. Just skip this one and you will be better off.
p364
aVThis is a tiny Starbucks and it locations like this (although cute) makes you wonder if your really meant to hang out or just grab your coffee and leave. Leaving is always a good idea at this location anyway since you have a nice fountain in the back with benches and it is a central part of the Waterfront Shopping. \u000a\u000aStarbuck isn't my favorite coffee chain by any means. Is it just me or do all Starbuck coffees taste a little burnt and bitter? No matter how trendy, cool and upscale their establishments are I can't get around the yicky tasting bitterness of Staryucks regular coffees. Talk about over roasting a bean...Maybe something has changed with their regular coffee but I have not drank it in about a year. I am not one for soy caramel latte foofy stuff. Still I'll give the establishment tres estrellas for the fact that their espresso is acceptable and doesn't taste half as bad as the regular coffee bean.
p365
aVFriendly staff, same starbucks fair you get anywhere else.  Sometimes the lines can get long.
p366
aVMmm...peppermint mocha\u000a\u000aIn my quest to visit every Starbucks in the USA I have stopped at yet another location.  This one is located in the center of a circle road -- very cache and in a newer part of the area.
p367
aVTypical Starbucks coffee chain. 2 things I dont like about this Starbucks: \u000a\u000a1. Ive been there twice and both times the place has been dirty, compared to the other Starbucks I have been in.\u000a\u000a2. If you have to use the bathroom, they give you a key thats attached to this nasty bottle. Im pretty sure they dont clean that bottle after every use or even nightly.\u000a\u000aAside from that, good coffee and fast/friendly service.
p368
aVIf there was ever a "get your coffee and go" Starbucks, this is it. Right in the center of the Waterfront, this Starbucks has no sofa, comfy chairs, only table seating. I love the baristas here, But I don't like the location of the building.
p369
aVThis is a typical Starbucks. The coffee is good but the store is suprisingly dirty.
p370
aVI have to agree with Joe on this one.  The baristas are extremely friendly, and the service is great, but the fact that there are no comfy chairs or couches is very unwelcoming.  I do think however that the building is beautifully ans strategically located in the center of the shopping.  I just wish they had better seating.
p371
aVI just realized they remodeled this one recently-ish. Well, in my world recently because it's been a while since I've been here.\u000a\u000aThey've added more seating which makes it way more conducive to having a meeting here. Which is my concern during the week. I imagine during the weekend it just fills up with tweens getting their sugar rush before hitting the movie theater. \u000a\u000aThe coffee, or tea for me.. Is still same old same old. I don't imagine one single Starbucks will break the mold and make original drinks...
p372
aVGreat location!  Close to shops and theatre.  Nice staff.
p373
aVRegarding quality of beverage, this is just your average Starbucks. I can't complain but am not blown away either. However, I really like the location of this shop, which is located in the center of The Waterfront's specialty retail shops. Though in the midst of a lot of retail, the surrounding area is very picturesque with pretty green grass, flowers, and a fountain. Hanging out here is very relaxing.
p374
aVI love the location of this Starbucks, which is why I'm giving it 4 stars. It's right smack in the middle of clothing stores, the Loews movie theater, as well as restaurants. I love grabbing a mid afternoon latte here on a Saturday while perusing various stores such as the Gap or Loft. I also like coming here before or after a movie for a quick caffeine jolt.\u000a\u000aWhile the drinks are the same as you would find at any Starbucks, the baristas and staff are really friendly, perhaps more so than other area Starbucks. \u000a\u000aMy drink or choice when I come here generally in the mod afternoon is a venti (or trenta...) berry hibiscus refresher. Yum! It is the perfect afternoon pick-me-up that leaves me feeling refreshed and hydrated.
p375
aVThis Starbucks is teeny-tiny!\u000a\u000aSeating inside is VERY limited.  This is a Starbucks to grab and go and continue your shopping at the Waterfront.\u000a\u000aBaristas are friendly and fast.
p376
aVAs far as Starbucks go, this is a pretty nice one.  The baristas are friendly and while I was here, a lot of regulars must have come in, because they bantered away with almost everyone.  The bathroom was clean and well maintained and the trash wasn't overflowing in the canisters around the store.  The pastries looked fresh, but I didn't partake.  The noise level was also at a nice working level - not too loud, music just barely audible.\u000a\u000aI do wish there was more seating.  It is nice that this location has a counter at the end of the bar for sole workers, but it doesn't replace more tables.  I'm sure this isn't as much of a problem in the summer when there's the space outside.\u000a\u000aThere was a treat receipt promo going on, but the barista didn't tell me about it, which I found odd.  Usually when they have promos like that going on, they ask everyone if they want their receipt to come back later in the day to claim whatever the offer is.  Today it was one of their new pastries for $1, I know in the summer they do $2 grande iced drinks with that morning's receipt.\u000a\u000aOverall, nice working or socializing environment.  Very friendly and inviting.  It's what I've come to expect from Starbucks, so points for consistency.
p377
aVI'm not a huge fan of this location. I think that it was oddly built- the small, alley-like front makes it difficult to get past people on your way to/from the bathroom or tables when it's busy. And there's hardly any tables to sit at. Furthermore, people tend to clog the front on their way in, which makes things particularly difficult (especially in the winter weather). The staff were pretty impersonal to be, but maybe that was due to the high traffic of the place and the time I was there. And the coffee that I had was cold- I'm sure it was probably the bottom of the batch. I'd probably only walk in here again if someone else suggested it before or after a movie or while we were shopping in the area.
p378
aVThis Starbucks is 5-Star Friendly. The shift supervisor Lucious keeps the energy in there moving and light. He recently helped me with a merchandise return and embodied everything a good manager and all around mensch person should - patience, kindness, generosity and fairness. I left that afternoon loving Starbucks even more than when I went in. It's great that a company and their employees can be as loyal to their customers as their customers are to them.
p379
aVI am always so pleased with the customer service here. For such a tiny Starbucks, the do a really great job serving the masses that come in there and still manage to take the time to be friendly in the midst of the frenzy. \u000a\u000aOutdoor seating in the summer is nice.
p380
aVThis particular Starbucks was especially pushy with offering extra espresso shots when placing my order. This has never happened before and it took me off guard.  The barista came off dishonest and unfriendly with the up sell push.  I will avoid this one at the Waterfront for awhile.
p381
aVOprah Chai Latte! Great central spot in this out door mall. Staff was pretty efficient and fast.
p382
aVStarbucks is a chain coffee and tea shop you will find most everywhere. They offer free WiFi. They sell their coffees in bags if you like. They also serve sandwiches and pastries. Some of the Starbucks I've seen offer drive through services. Prices are reasonable.\u000a\u000aI stopped in here since I've been hunting all over for a gingerbread man cookie. They told me they are getting one in and ugly sweater design but they don't have it yet. I plan to keep checking since it appears that no place I have been to has my holiday favorite so I'll certainly be back to one of their locations.
p383
aVThis is a typical Starbucks, but in a particularly cramped building without much room to spread out an work if you desire.  It is nice that it had a bit of outdoor seating and wifi.  Over several other coffee alternatives nearby in the Waterfront, I would rate this as low.  Barnes and Noble has more comfortable seating and access to many books and other amenities.  Panera also has more seating, cheaper coffee and a plethora of menu items to go along with the coffee.  The Starbucks building style an architecture is attractive, but just too small and limited for this busy Waterfront location.
p384
aVThis is actually a very good Starbucks. The staff is always nice and they keep the store clean. It's definitely convenient if your down here shopping or going to see a movie. The only thing that stops it from getting 5 stars is the parking. Considering its in the middle, of the waterfront, parking can be a big problem.
p385
aVGreat drinks, clean facility, and super friendly staff!
p386
aV2.5 rounding up only because of the other places on our stop were so bad. \u000a\u000aFirst stop on the Munhall Beer Crawl 2011. It was just a local dive with local beers. No microbrews or imports.
p387
aVAny time Ive ever stepped in to Randys, there is a very odd smell that immediately makes me want to turn around and walk out. Bartenders dont seem friendly and if you arent a regular, expect to get weird vibes from the regulars.\u000a\u000aWith all of the other options in the area, take your money elsewhere!
p388
aVVery friendly local dive bar. There is nothing special going on here but friendly folks and cold beer. This is exactly the kind of place I like to hang out in.
p389
aVJustine really is the best! I tried many different groomers before I found her and they couldn't even come close. She is very patient with the cats and does a really good quality groom. I wouldn't think about taking my cat Smokey to anyone else.
p390
aVJustine has groomed my very long haired cat with very thick fur three times now and I have nothing but praise for her.  My Teddy trusts her and she has so much patience with him.  I'll be bringing him to Cat Around Town again next week.  Looking forward to it
p391
aVYou've heard of Grumpy Cat.  My gal is Cranky Cat.  She won't let me brush her and brings out the (substantial) claws when I, or anyone else, tries.  She's aging, long haired and  often matted.  Other grooming experiences have been unfortunate.  (She injured herself at one place, bit a worker at another and was sent home unfinished from a third.)   Enter Cat Around Town.  We were directed to this cats-only salon by a vet tech who recognized our dilemma.  \u000a\u000aThe staff at Cats Around Town were unintimidated, but respectful.  They made sure my cat felt secure and they took little breaks when they sensed she was getting too stressed out.  I was able to be present (though, frankly, I preferred to sit in the waiting area, visiting with the very friendly resident shop cat) She came out of there with nails trimmed and fur shaved, looking darling and feeling good.    It was a Positive grooming experience!!  We are spreading the news and looking forward to our next visit.
p392
aVFor someone who straddles the line between sometimes craft-er, this store can seem vast and confusing.  There's rows and rows of baskets and bedazzling jewels and paper and...oh my...scrap booking!  When I want to find boring old felt....it's like...where do I start?  \u000a\u000aI'm in a hurry, as always, and I rush in and the first thing I look for is an employee.  No one to be found.  I could call out and my voice would come echoing back.  I run between rows of paper, wood and gosh darn scrap booking....no felt!  Where do I find felt!  Where do I find an employee!?\u000a\u000aFINALLY, I find one after 15 minutes of wondering around.  She's incredibly nice and leads me to the felt.  This is not the first time I've been hard up to find help.  I tell her she was hard to find, and she tells me that they're "low on payroll" and can't have any one the floor BUT HER!  In that WHOLE store, JUST HER!  That's ridic!\u000a\u000aNot a month ago I was, again, in a slight hurry and stood in line for about 15 minutes to check out, with 2 employees at the register and 6 people per line, I gave up and walked out.  \u000a\u000aHey Michael, do you pick up what I'm putting down?  You're not making any money because your costumer service SUCKS....in fact, there's no service to be found!
p393
aVI have been frequently shopping at this Michaels store over the last couple months since I began taking a cake decorating class and hosted a large baby shower at my home. The store has typically had the supplies that I need from cake and cupcake baking and icing to scrap booking supplies. This location is pretty average compared to other Michaels - it's exactly what you would expect when going to this store. It's not a large store, but it's not a small store -- just average.\u000a\u000aI do enjoy using the Michael's coupons when shopping. I definitely save a lot of money! Instead of toting around the paper versions, I actually have the iPhone app that has coupons available to use from the app. \u000a\u000aMy only complaint is that sometimes it takes a while to check out at this location. I don't normally have a problem - usually only one or two people ahead of me - but sometimes it can be much slower. Today, for example, there were only two customers ahead of me, but one of them was having issues with a coupon. The line began to get longer and longer, and though a couple associates were lingering up front, they kept calling for someone else. From personal experience of being a manger in a retail store, do not linger or let your associates linger near the cashiers without jumping on register. Whatever the reason may be that you are not helping customers, it still appears rude and make everyone more impatient....
p394
aVIt's your typical chain craft store.  And let me reiterate that I'm not a crafts person. I walked in because I needed dial rods for some signs I had. Now for being a chain store I was a bit upset because even though they had a decent selection, the amounts they had for each one I wanted were scarce.  Imagine me standing there with different sizes of wood in my hand and just staring in disbelief.  And for a piece of wood, the price was a bit steep.\u000a\u000aI will provably come back here, but only for an item that I cannot find elsewhere. Or if I'm too lazy to drive further out.
p395
aVIt's yet another Michael's, and it's a very good one. Recommended always. For those who love crafting, Michael's is a godsend.
p396
aVThe one good thing I can say about Michael's is that they have a wide variety of hobbies and crafts included in their selection. They've got items for woodwork, painting, knitting, kids crafts, scrapbooks, you name it. The problem is, the variety of products for your particular craft is probably dismal. They've got lots of cool items all over the store that you're convinced that somehow you need. (Because it is soooo cute, and you could TOTALLY do something with it. Right..?) The store feels cluttered because there is so much stuff everywhere. However, if you're looking for something specific, good luck. It's not even a matter of the product being difficult to find in the store. It's that when you find the right section, there's either nothing in stock, or they simply don't even carry what you need. \u000a\u000aI stopped in for crochet supplies, and the yarn selection was laughable compared to many other craft stores. I ended up going elsewhere for my stuff anyway. \u000a\u000aPlus the prices at Michael's are significantly more than other area craft stores. I usually only stop there if I'm already at tend Waterfront. I'd recommend checking other craft stores first. Unless you need glitter. Especially fine glitter. Michael's has the best glitter selection/quality of any store I've ever been to.
p397
aVYou would think their exorbitant prices would at least buy some decent customer service. Not at this location. \u000a\u000aThey are totally understaffed and have almost nobody able or willing to help you find anything. This is a problem because they carry so many completely different products that it's hard to find what you need. Expect to wait at least a half hour before getting assistance.\u000a\u000aThe organization is disjointed, especially depending on your project. There's even a section called "art supplies". I thought that was kind of the point of the whole store. \u000a\u000aWhat did it in however was how miserably they packed my picture frames. The place next door wrapped two dollar drinking glasses in paper to protect them, but apparently Michael's thinks a grocery bag is sufficient to protect a nice picture frame in bad weather. \u000a\u000aSo, the inevitable happened and I dropped the bag. Now I don't expect every place to be sympathetic, even though it could have been packed better, but when I asked for a refund they were down right RUDE. Hey I did drop the thing, but some empathy would have been nice. I wasn't completely out of line asking because a little bubble wrap and it would have been fine in the first place. I will never be back to this or any other Michael's.
p398
aVI used Michael's for picture framing years ago and was very pleased.  I went back to Michael's recently and was amazed and overwhelmed by the different tools and devices for crafting and hobbies.  As I don't do much of this myself I didn't comprehend the significance of many of the items.\u000a\u000aI was impressed with the sales staff who with a few words immediately could identify the item you wanted and whether it was something they stocked.  If not, they had suggestions for where else you might find it.  Bought various crafting items for my girlfriend which she used to help me decorate my living room with.  \u000a\u000aMichaels also ha a wide variety of storage boxes useful for home organization.  The different sizes are helpful for planning storage in spaces of different dimensions.\u000aI went back to Michaels to explore again and found some other useful items.  It will likely not be a stop that I frequent weekly but when the fancy to decorate comes up,  I'll count on them for ideas.
p399
aVMichael's is one of my favorite stores at The Waterfront.  Seems like there's always a sale and there are coupons in the Sunday paper all of the time, which encourages me to return.  I'm a fan of their frames, vases, candles, and holiday decor. On occasion, when I'm feeling crafty, I'll purchase flowers. \u000a\u000aThe staff is helpful. Parking is plentiful.
p400
aVSince I moved here, I've been shopping at this Michael's location. I go here at least twice a month. And I must say its grown on me. The store is always clean and organized. The associates are usually helpful. And I can I usually find some good deals if not clearance items. Though I must admit that the cake decorating class schedules are not as full as here when you compare them to the Monroeville location.
p401
aV1* for the Apple map telling me they're open until 10pm. Just completed a mad dash here at 9:30pm. Yes, I realize I could've called beforehand...
p402
aVI dropped by this Yankee Candle store on Saturday to purchase the annual Christmas present candles for my mother-in-law. Between Christmas present purchasing and people wanting their house to smell like balsam and cedar, cinnamon sticks, or caramel pecan pie, the little store was packed. However, I was greeted immediately when I entered and was easily able to find the same salesperson again when I had a question. Since I was only purchasing votive candles, I was initially pleased to see an entire section for the store devoted to them but quickly became frustrated. I couldn't smell some of the votives through their thick, outside plastic. Since the votive candles weren't all displayed with their scents, I had to walk from the votive display to the fragrance display to better smell the scents and then walk back. Outside of that layout frustration, I had a pleasant experience in the store.
p403
aVThis is smaller store than ones i've seen inside malls, but they seem to have all of the necessities. They have a great collection of candles! My favorites were in the "relax" section. Turquoise Sky & Home Sweet Home were great! I'm not a huge fan of food scented candles, but they actually had very nice ones! Apple Pumpkin was great and surprisingly i loveddddd Christmas Cookie! The employees were all helpful.
p404
aVYankee Candle has high quality candles that smell wonderful. They burn evenly and for a long time.  I tend to purchase when there's a sale because the candles are pricey.   (YC is also sold at other retailers like Kohls, Bed Bath & Beyond and Burlington).  I stock up on the votive candles when they're  $1.  YC also carries reed diffusers/oils, car fresheners, wax melts, and decor.  \u000a\u000aNever had an issue with customer service. The staff is friendly.  This store is fairly small, but has a nice variety of fragrances and accessories.
p405
aVWhenever I was at the waterfront I would eat here.  The shakes are good, as are the shoestring fries and baked beans.  The sandwiches are small thin patties of meat so you probably want at least a double.  Overall, pretty tasty.
p406
aVThe food is good and its CHEAP.\u000a\u000aI mean REALLY INEXPENSIVE.\u000a\u000a$4.00 for a burger and fries. Add a coke and its like $10.00-$13.00 for two people.  Seldom if ever crowded. \u000a\u000aService can be a tad slow but hit or miss.\u000a\u000aThey also do breakfast and its a great alternative to waiting at eat and park.\u000a\u000aTry the shakes, they're great.
p407
aVIts clean, open 24/7 with hot shoe string fries and creative milkshakes. What else do you want in life??
p408
aVThis is the absolute WORST Steak N Shake I've ever been to. \u000a\u000aThe bf and I got lost around Pittsburgh for 40 min. trying to find this location and on top of the unnecessary 1 hour wait for our food, the food itself was just so crappily made. It was so bad and we had waited a ridiculous amount of time (c'mon, Steak N Shake is basically a glorified McD's), our waiter comped our WHOLE MEAL.\u000a\u000aIf not for the compensation, I would have been pissed that we had to pay for such a crappy meal. The bf, on the other hand, was more upset about the principle of the matter... we had trekked all that way just to get our Steak N Shake fix (since both of us haven't had it since our undergraduate days) and it was a major fail.\u000a\u000aI think I'm good with my Steak N Shake craving for a long time now...\u000a\u000a\u000a\u000aPS. The whole joint smells like major B.O.
p409
aVI went here at 3 PM between the lunch rush and the dinner rush, and the restaurant was maybe 20% full. I ordered the Chili Mac Supreme to go. I thought I would be in and out within 5-10 minutes. Keep in mind that this restaurant even has a drive-thru; the expectation is quick service.\u000a\u000aLong story short, my food never came... the waitress told me (after I had been sitting there waiting for thirty minutes) that the kitchen hadn't even started on my order yet, so I told her to cancel it and walked out. Now I see that others on Yelp have warned about the slow service at this location. Wish I had looked it up earlier.
p410
aVI heart Steak N Shake. I love the fact that the fries are shoestring, the burgers get to you pretty fast, they're a little greasy, and the food is super cheap.\u000a\u000aI visited Steak and Shake on New Year's Eve in preparation for an evening of mostly tame partying. I was unnaturally attracted to their Wisconsin Buttery Burger, which is a double patty cheeseburger topped with grilled onions between two buns that have been buttered. Sounds good right?\u000a\u000aWell, I get this delicious diet abomination and discover that my buns had been dunked in butter. The pearly gates of cholesterol laden heaven with the triglyceride angels were singing to me.  I took the liberty of increasing my sodium intake by pouring their burger/fries seasoning on the buns and I literally got tears in my eyes....most likely from the salt overload, but possibly because this was one of the most evilly decadent things I had eaten in a long time.\u000a\u000aThis is not meant to be a fine dining experience. Service wasn't fast but it wasn't slow. It just kind of was. However, the waitress did get a point for explaining that the order would take X amount of time to all patrons. So I give them a pass for being upfront about it.\u000a\u000aNext trip to Pgh is going to feature Steak and Shake - I guarantee it.
p411
aVWell... as Steak 'n Shake locations go, this isn't the best one around--but it is burgers and fries that are open 24-7.\u000a\u000aThe milkshakes are good!\u000a\u000aPROS: \u000aAlways made fresh, when you order;\u000a\u000aCONS:\u000aGreasy (but its burgers);\u000aTakes longer than typical in drive thru (but that's bc they're made fresh!);\u000aService (on a scale of 1-10, 10 being awesome) is a 4.
p412
aVIn general I do like Shake N' Steak, but this location is a hit or miss location!  You never know what kind of quality or service you're going to find here.  A friend and myself went a few weeks back after a movie and it had to be one of the worst trips there EVER!  You can't entirely blame the waitress since she was the only one there for the entire place...poor scheduling on the manager's part. However, while she can't be accountable for the slooooow service, she was accountable for both orders being incorrect.  The burgers were over cooked and the fries were soggie and the milkshake was runny at best...\u000a\u000aBy far my worst visit to Steak n' Shake!
p413
aVRather typical SnS.  Had a good lunch crowd.  Milkshake was good but not as good as EnP down the street.  It took to long to get the burger for some reason, 25 minutes, I realized cooked to order but this is a little long for SnS.  Ordered the Guacamole Steakburger and it only had a small portion of Gauc...not your usual amount..kitchen was not up to speed on portion sizing for some reason.  Definitely did not look like the picture on the website.  Oh well!
p414
aVAh, Steak n Shake, you hit the spot after a night of drinking. Open 24 hours, drive thru or dine in, with wonderful, cheap greasy burgers, chicken fingers, breakfast sandwiches, and shoestring fries. You're faster (and cheaper!) than Eat N Park. Plus your employees wear those adorable bow ties. Granted, if we were at a fancy party, I might act like I don't know you, but deep down inside you know I heart you.
p415
aVThe only thing worse than the food is the service.
p416
aVThis was the most horrible experience at a restaurant I have had in years!!!!!!!!!!!!\u000a\u000aI was there at around 9pm, with about 9 folks from my family (visiting relatives included). \u000aThere were several things that got me annoyed, one after another. \u000aI was ok that it took a while for us to be seated. But after we ordered, what really got me angry was that the food took a VERY long time to arrive. We had 2 kids with us and we ordered 2 kids meals, and had asked for those to be brought sooner. After about 25-30 minutes of nothing, I went to the servers (who were just NOT paying attention to us anyway - the main server's name for our table was Angel) and asked where our meals were. One checked with another, who then informed me that they were working on it. \u000aWhat made me even angrier is that they tried to downplay everything, telling me that it had only been 5 minutes. Then one of the servers (manager?) tells me that "ok, may be it's been 10 minutes, but it's coming". Then I hear some of the servers talking about our orders. The same gentleman then came to our table, sat down next to me and told me that it's only been 10 minutes and that they were working on our order, and tried to give me some explanation about why that's not really a long time at all. It was clearly almost half an hour or longer by that time. \u000aThe food finally arrived about 10 minutes after that. But the food came cold. \u000aWe were so HUNGRY by that point, we just ate whatever we could. Neither Angel nor anyone else came to top up our drinks even ONCE. I had to ask for mine, but by that point I was in no mood to take a sip even. \u000aI paid ($58.20) and I again got the same gentleman who tried (again!) to explain to me that it was just 10 minutes, and that "given everything, we were within normal limits". Wow. \u000aAfter about an hour and half at the restaurant, we all just shook our heads and left. \u000a\u000aI have written to them on their website, and will see if they follow up. \u000a\u000aWe have vowed NEVER to go to this restaurant again. Yikes!!
p417
aVThis was the first time that I have ever eaten here.  We went through the drive thru which took forever.  I ordered a hamburger and onion rings.  The hamburger did taste kind of odd but I figured it was because I am used to Wendy's .  exactly 6hours later I was so sick.  Might have been a stomach bug but it is kind of strange.  I dont think that I need to go back to this particular location......ever
p418
aVTerrible wait staff  couldn't even seat us. Before we, and another party walked out without even being greeted properly, I observed several employees traipse out the front door, several tables who were waiting for their food for a long time,  several employees just standing around out of direct view of the tables, a morbidly obese hostess that could barely physically walk from one end of the store to the other. I think one server was high. \u000a  \u000a  Going there was a  special request by a 7 year old getting over a long-ish illness, so that makes the shabby treatment more enraging.
p419
aVThis place is s l o w....like so slow I have got up and left after waiting 30 minutes and not even being acknowledged by a server. The food is okay. Def not worth the wait. Milkshakes are just okay as well. Booooooo.
p420
aVI really like the chili. Burgers are fair and salads are pretty bad. Pretty hard to mess up a side salad. As others have said you never know what kind of service you will get. Store is usually understaffed and cleanliness is fair. The staff is usually disinterested with customers and sometimes outright rude. All in all what you pay is what you get. Cheap and crap service.
p421
aVFast food done right, what more can you want?\u000a\u000aA throwback to old timey diners, steak and shake is where you get a decent meal at a good price. \u000a\u000aMy sisters and I arrived on a Tuesday afternoon around 3pm catching their 2-4 happy hour, which we read on the door upon entry; a lovely surprise. This meant that all shakes and drinks were 50% off! \u000a\u000aI ordered the western BBQ burger, which was 2 thin patties, cheese, bacon, BBQ sauce, and fried onions. It came with shoe string fries (my favorite), all for the low price of $4.79. Are you kidding me? What's not to like! The food was actually pretty good! I liked it a lot. Since it was happy hour I also "splurged" on a chocolate covered strawberry shake. It was meh. Could have gone without it. The overpowering taste of artificial strawberry really turned me off, but the hot fudge saved it. But, how can you really go wrong with hot fudge?\u000a\u000aAll in all, 3 meals and 3 shakes came to $20. A steal. Also the food is good! I enjoyed it. I'd come back.
p422
aVFast food in a resturant setting.  Considering this food is good and cheap plus you can get food to go.  Must be a reason why this place is always packed.
p423
aVThe food is good. Unfortunately the service is very hit or miss. The main issue seems to be with the kitchen, the waiters and waitresses are often very apologetic for the long waits and it's pretty obvious that some of them avoid the tables after taking the initial order to avoid hearing complaints.
p424
aVFood is good, what you'd expect from Steak n Shake. THE SERVICE IS AWFUL. so incredibly awful. expect to take at least an hour for your meal, even when it's slow. I've been going here for years when I want a cheap meal, but the service is so so so awful. Go to McDonalds.
p425
aVThe service was fast but the food was terrible and so was the service. I had a bus to catch so I couldn't wait around waiting for the check so I went to the counter to pay. She never brought my check, never checked to see if my drink needed refilled, she just mopped the floors. \u000a\u000aThe burger was really greasy, the fries were Luke warm and the cheese on them wasn't as flavorful as it should be. As a new Pittsburgher I'm not impressed.
p426
aVI should have known better than to stop here, but I was nursing a hangover and just wanted something quick and simple.  I should kick myself for thinking of this place.\u000a\u000aGranted I decided to go to the drive thru and knew there would be a wait.  The sign actually says that the food is prepared when you order it.  I sat for almost ten minutes at the window while my food was prepared.  During that time I wished I could have taken back my order and also wished that I hadn't paid already.  \u000a\u000aWhile sitting at the window I decided to just stare inside and watch some of the employees doing their job.  What disturbed me the most was watching the employee making the milkshakes.  Making a milkshake isn't that hard or glamorous of a thing to watch.  What disgusted me was that the guy actually lifted several of the containers for the milkshakes and smelt them.  I mean smelt them to see if they were clean, instead of actually taking the extra minute or two to clean the container.  After witnessing this my food was finally ready and I drove away.\u000a\u000aWhen I finally got to eating my food I was underwhelmed.  The fries had no flavor and with the size of the cut it appears you get more than what you ordered.  The "steakburger" really, they should just call it a burger, was overpowered by the BBQ sauce on it.  It was all I could taste.\u000a\u000aAll this has cemented me in not wanting to ever step foot in one of these establishments ever again.
p427
aVI don't think it's too much to ask that if you advertise your drive thru being open 24/7. Then it should be open 24/7. I work a late night job. The past three times I have tried to get food late night I haven't been able to. Twice they greeted me in the drive thru and never got back to me after twenty minutes so I drove away. Tonight they told me that the drive thru was closed. Really? Awful location. Awful service. Went inside to try to get food, but I was ignored by the staff. How hard does it have to be to get a burger? Don't go here.
p428
aVYou know what you're getting with a Steak N Shake: it's about one rung up from a McD's in quality, and about two rungs down in quickness. At least, you think you know. \u000a\u000aI used to have a small place in my heart (though the salt and fat weren't very kind to said organ) for Steak N Shake, because hey, who can argue with beef and drinkable ice cream? But after my last trip, I can think of nothing more disgusting than having to eat here, this location in particular. I haven't been back in over year, and I will never step foot into a Steak N Shake as long as I have an immune system that I care about. \u000a\u000aAfter having eaten here, I hit the restroom on my way out (along with my two friends....hey, we're girls, it's acceptable!). One stall was already taken, so two of us are stuck waiting while this occupant does her....shall we say, business? After a few seconds, we realize that she's not only there to relieve herself, but to also take drive-through orders. Yes, that's right...."You want fries with that? *flush* Okay, that will be $5.50". I have never, ever witnessed anything so insane as a drive-through restroom. To top it off, after finishing her "bathroom break", she walks straight out of the stall and into the restaurant. I guess she was in too much of a rush to complete the order she had just taken that she didn't have time to wash her hands. And I was in too much of a rush to choke back up what I had just eaten before it wreaked mayhem on my stomach.
p429
aVI love Steak N Shake. This one, however, leaves a lot to be desired. The food often comes out cold and the servers are apathetic at best. Most of the time, they're downright rude. I highly recommend avoiding this location if possible. There's one on Route 51 that's worth the 15 minutes it'll take you to get there.
p430
aVI never thought that I'd be giving Steak 'n Shake a 4 star review, but I really enjoyed my dinner here tonight. It just hit the spot!\u000a\u000aI was impressed by our waiter as soon as we walked through the door. He apologized for our very brief wait to be seated and for the fact that he was the only waiter working at that time. However, everything was delivered promptly, and he made what would've been just a tasty diner dinner into a great experience.\u000a\u000aI ordered a grilled cheese and fries. The grilled cheese was well cooked and filled with tasty, perfectly melty cheese. I love Steak 'n Shake's thin and crispy fries, and these were as delicious as I had expected.\u000a\u000aFor just $9 for me and my husband, I have to admit that we had forgotten how inexpensive Steak 'n Shake was. Based on the cost, the food, and our fantastic waiter, we'll be back soon.
p431
aVI like the occasional steak and shake stop.....    but this one has to be the slowest one ever.    The cashier was rude and I could hear her yelling are you fucking kidding me because the register was not working the way she wanted....     wow.... just wow...
p432
aVEvery time we come here the service is laughably bad. On this visit a tabe which was sat after us had their food before our server graced us with her surly presence. Good restaurant elsewhere, just avoid this location if you want to get your food inside an hour.
p433
aVWow. Dirty and slow.  The floors felt like they had the days burger grease spilled all over, and it took 30 m8n to get our take out order.
p434
aVThis place teeters between a 2 and a 3 star review.  I've had pretty good experiences inside, it's usually the drive-thru where things fall a part.  \u000a\u000aIt's the rare place I can get a Frisco Melt well, the ONLY place I can get a Frisco Melt!  and that steak burger alone is worth the risk, Walk In OR Drive Thru.\u000a\u000aJust take a gun on Weekends, you'll be fine.
p435
aVThe staff is very rude at the drive thru to the point of telling me at 2:02 pm "It's only 1:59 you can't do the happy hour shakes yet!"   She literally screamed it at me.   The management does not enforce any kind of health code in that restaurant either.   I too, have witnessed employees not washing hands, and I have gotten food poisoning twice from undercooked burgers.   Once - shame on you, Twice - shame on me - won't go there again.     The lovely occaisional drug deal out in the parking lot at night doesn't help either when you have kids.
p436
aVThis location is terrible. The drive-thru workers are rude and they give you crap food. I waited 5 minutes before being able to order, even when there was only 1 car ahead of me. Then the lady proceeded to ask me if I would like anything on my burger, and (thinking the pictures on the menu are what they're supposed to look like and they would never false advertise) I asked "doesn't it come with the fixings like in the picture?" she then told me it only comes with cheese. So I then went on to tell her what I wanted on my burger. Pulled around and got my order pretty quick, but later when I open my burger its just meat and cheese. The meat is badly burned and cold. It was clear to me this burger was not fresh. I didn't even attempt to eat it, what a waste of a place. They definitely need better workers.
p437
aVAwful in every category. The service is the worst I've ever seen. We were waiting to be seated in this half empty restaurant for 5 minutes before the manager came over and seated one couple. Then with more people waiting he went to the counter and took out a rag and started wiping it down. We were still being ignore until I told him it was alright we didn't need a table and left. I don't know how corporate keeps this place open. I've complained numerous times but it never does any good.\u000a\u000aTake the extra 20 minutes to drive to the South Hills location. Its pretty much the exact opposite of the Waterfront. The food comes out hot and properly cooked and you are not ignored by the staff.
p438
aVSteak 'n Shake's food is pretty good and the prices aren't bad for the quantity of food. I ordered a grilled chicken salad with no dressing. The salad looked thrown together and was $5.49 for 2 croutons, tomatoes, carrots, cabbage, lettuce and chicken breast. (They forgot the cheese!) The staff wasn't very friendly or helpful and seemed like they didn't want to be there. There usually is a long wait at Steak 'n Shake, but if you catch them when they aren't busy, you will breeze through- drive-thru that is. I do like their food and you can eat healthy options, but the staff isn't helpful and the quality isn't always there.
p439
aVIt's okay. Food is cheap but portions are small. For example I order the chicken tenders, and I got 3 little tiny tenders, and a decent amount of fries. Also the restaurant is not really clean either.  This restaurant is not my number 1 choice.
p440
aVI like to eat here because the food has always been good and kids eat free on the weekends which is great. But this location is always woefully understaffed, with five or six tables sitting unbussed while people wait to be seated. Whether you're inside or at the drive through the wait is incredibly long. Fortunately the staff are always friendly despite the ridiculous staffing levels the management maintains here.
p441
aVI am not a fan of this chain's food or this locations service.\u000a\u000aHowever!  \u000a\u000aSteak n Shake milkshakes totally rock.  Very thick, regular is the perfect size to get me home from the Waterfront.
p442
aVI really don't know how this place stays open. I've been here a couple of times. The service is slooooow. They bring you your food which is never the way you ordered it, put your Bill on the table and never come back to check on you. If the place was packed I could understand but it's usually about half full. On our last visit it took us 10 minutes to get our waitresses attention. We asked for some mustard, mayo, lettuce, and tomatoes for our burgers. It took 5 minutes to get the mustard and mayo. The lettuce and tomato never came. \u000aIt's safe to say that we won't be back. We like the food and shakes but not worth it to put up with the poor service.
p443
aVFell asleep last night before I did my review what I can say about this place is their food is good their milkshakes r awesome I had gotten the chicken fingers with fries & a birthday cake milkshake which was delish we got seated pretty fast & our waiter was very polite & professional
p444
aVDrive through service is better than going inside if you want takeout. Food is always served hot- inside it just takes a lot longer than it should, both to get waited on at the counter and for the food to come. Also, the lids on the milkshake cups are awful and fall off easily. Make sure to hold on tight!
p445
aVThe hostess (Jenn of Jess, I'm not sure) is atrocious. I am autistic and asked to be moved from right beside the kitchen because of noise levels, and she made a huge deal of it. I ended up crying outside waiting for my partner to let me know we'd been moved. 15 minutes later, we had still not been moved or gotten food, and my partner and I left. This is 1:45 PM on a Thursday. Not at all busy. Just bad service. Our waitress was very polite, though.
p446
aVI have eaten here before and never had any problems. But today was completely different. I arrived 12:15 PM to have lunch with my family. We sat there for about 25 minutes and not one person came to ask us if we were ready to order. They completely ignored us so we got up and left. One table near us had to flag a waitress just to get her attention. So we went to  Wendy's up on 8th Avenue and we had no problems ar all.
p447
aVSlow service. Food is VERY cheap though. The milkshakes are huge thick and yummy. Sometimes when I go here, they completely ignore you when your the only person in line. The burgers were good and the menu is pretty small. Food takes about an hour to come when no ones even there! I would go here if the service was faster and better.
p448
aVI know service speed isn't a chain-wide issue. This place is just REALLY. SLOW. We ordered 40 minutes ago. Still no food.
p449
aVI ordered online last night and it was suppose to be done at 7:!5pm. I get their small line that somehow took 30mins. When i get to counter she looks at my print out and says it will be done in a few. I ask to speak to manager and she calls out a manager named Rachel who did not show. At 8:05pm she goes to check my food after me saying something! It was on the counter the whole time. My Food was cold and they have to the nerve to say come again. I Think Not!
p450
aVDear my fine brethren,\u000aA man once asked me: have you ever seen the rain? Well I have. The burgers were charred to a crust-encased oblivion. Imagine world war 3. And by God, the viscosity of the milkshakes was uncouth. \u000a1/5
p451
aV..such an upsetting experience here. My family lives an hour away and came in town for dinner and Dave & Busters. We knew D&B's food was overpriced and always a long wait so we decided on here. \u000a\u000aWe were a party of 6 adults and 1 kid. Raquan was our server and he was so nice. He took our order but sadly we waited 45 minutes for it to com.Everyone around us who just ordered 15 minutes before already had their food. I've worked at steak n shake before. it less than 10 minutes to cook both the burgers and fries. I have no idea if kitchen lost our ticket or what but i did see our server talking to them more than once about our order so atleast he was on top of it.\u000a\u000aThe manager here needs better training. He stood at the register the entire time cashing people out even though clearly the kitchen was behind and customers in the dining area were angry (saw a couple leave after waiting for server and another table talk to manager about wait time). Again i've worked at another steak n shake. The counter girl is responsible for cashing people out and take out orders.. manager should helping on the grill or over-seeing everything going on. Poor Raquan had to keep coming over to apologize whenever the manager should have. Who tf trained the boss here?\u000a\u000aSadly after an hour at the restaurant and 45 minutes waiting on food, we told our server we had to leave. He told us dont worry about the drinks. We tipped him and went to eat at chikfila. At least the rest of the night was fun at D&B. \u000a\u000ashoutout to Raquan . You're the real MVP
p452
aVI waited 20 minutes for charred hamburger. The bottle of seasoning on the table was a cute idea bc lord knows it didn't have any seasoning on it. The waitress kept saying that they were backed up but when I looked around there wasn't a lot of people there. However they (waitresses) were nice and apologetic. But when I think of steak sandwiches I didn't think of what I got.
p453
aVMy goal of 2016 is to write more Yelp reviews... So here we are. My boyfriend and I just spent an hour at Target getting stuff for our new house. We were hungry and wanted to grab something quick, so we went to Steak and Shake. I would first like to note that their parking lot and sidewalks had NOT been salted... Not really the best idea considering it's been icy out for two days now. Anyways, we made it inside and it was pretty crowded. We were seated within 5 minutes of coming in. The  service was OK, nothing special. I ordered the single cheeseburger and cheese fries. My boyfriend got the bacon cheeseburger and cheesy bacon fries. Our food came out pretty quickly and it was the way we ordered it (I ordered everything on my burger while my boyfriend only ordered cheese and bacon). Our food was good, I have no complaints. If you're looking for a quick and cheap bite to eat, then this is your place!
p454
aVServer took 15 minutes to even seat me, then 10 more to even take my order. Found out they didn't even have what I wanted, a common accurance lately. Once I had got my drink(COLA with a shot of cherry), it was flat and tasted a little like cough syrup. Their first attempt at my meal, grilled cheese steak burger melt(in essence a steak burger on a grilled cheese), I was served just a plain grilled cheese. Once they had gotten me another sandwich, it seemed right except for the awkward stack of pickles in the middle, not spread out. It may seem a little nitpickey at this point, but this is by far the worst experience I've had at this restaurant, but not the first. I don't think I'll be returning to suffer through that again.
p455
aVWaitress was very kind at the beginning but her attitude declined rapidly. Food was alright except the French onion soup. Couldn't believe the waitress thought it was okay to serve. A table nearby had a problem with their food. Waitress was rude to them and the manager never came to address the issue. Terrible customer service.
p456
aVLook so many better burgers. Aint no steak and no shake. Ice milk at best. Five guy burgers much better. Frosty and a daves classic much better at same price. Spend a few more and goto bgr
p457
aVThis is the worst place I've maybe ever been to.  The outside was filthy with trash all over.  The inside was maybe worse, trash and dirty.  The employees were awful, rude, slow and not caring about a thing.  I can't even guess how unsanitary it might be.  Disgusting.
p458
aVI keep forgetting how not good this location is.\u000aInconvenienced hostesses seat the party before you without even acknowledging your presence. Disinterested, apathetic servers that ignore requests like "we need napkins" until you have finished your meal and erupted your hands on your clothing. Cooks meet my food quality expectations, but give barely child sized portions on side dishes. I have not seen one staff member smile the entire time I've been in here today.\u000aI consistently return to the Rt 51 location because I get decent and consistent service. This one? I only returned because I was getting my dog groomed at the nearby Petco.
p459
aVAs far as I'm concerned, Filene's Basement is good for two things: cheap dresses and cheap accessories.\u000a\u000aAs a young performer, I need good-looking dresses for frequent auditions -- and I need a couple, so I'm not wearing the same thing every time. The dresses on the second floor usually range from $30-60 and are good for over a year. It can be hard to find a full-length dress that's not reminiscent of a prom dress, but their selection of cocktail-length dresses is ample.\u000a\u000aAs far as accessories go, Filene's tends to have cheap versions of popular trends. If I feel the need to stock my wardrobe with a transient fad, Filene's is the place to go.
p460
aVEven when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later. \u000a\u000aI kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.\u000a\u000aI like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
p461
aVLove this store!  Don't always have much luck with the sales, but I always find something I like here.  This isn't your average Marshall's or TJ Max.  I think the green dress I'm wearing is from Filene's!
p462
aVThis is probably my favorite store in Pittsburgh, for the selection and variety of discounted designer clothing. Other stores carry the same stuff but for much, much more, and it's hard to find all the stuff that the Basement carries in one spot. (Yes, I admit that the 'burgh has some cool stores.) I would do most of my clothes shopping here if I were here more often.
p463
aVAnother store which has gone the way of the Dodo bird. Actually there was nothing basement like about it. What will be done with the empty space that is the question?
p464
aVthis store is sadly not in business any more
p465
aV$9.75 for a red bull and vodka? I'm sorry, I thought I was in Pittsburgh, not New York City. Sing Sing, a dueling piano bar, is fun, but it would be a hell of a lot more fun if I could have more than one watered down drink before I warbled my way through "Paradise City" with the rest of the crowd.
p466
aVReally enjoyed this a lot more than I thought I would.  The drinks were on the pricey side, but I didn't head here to get smashed.
p467
aVHad a great time at Sing Sing a while ago with friends.  Friendly staff.  Will return.
p468
aVPiano Man to the tune of Gangster's Paradise...what more do I have to say? Get there early if you want a seat, $7 cover and really fun crowd. We had sucha great time and I can't wait to go back.
p469
aVSingSing!!! What a blast! One of my favorite places to jam on Earth!! Cool bar, cool town, cool people... What else do you need!! The piano players are great, funny, semi-good lookin'... I mean dude, you gotta go!!! :) Love me some SingSing!
p470
aVWell, the experience did not start well. When we walked in the singing we heard was NOT good. Oy was it not good... Thankfully, it (mostly) improved from there.\u000a\u000aSo there were 3 piano players rotating out on a half hour basis. So each was on for an hour and off for half. Of the 3, two were really good. Good singers, good piano players, and very funny. The third guy, well, not so much. Piano skills were fine. But his singing was not. When he sang in his range, he wasn't too bad actually, but too often he reached for notes that he couldn't get to or forced things that just weren't going to happen. Often his jokes fell completely flat. Luckily the other two usually did most the talking.\u000a\u000aThey played a variety of songs as requested by the crowd and would do them in unconventional styles if requested (Closer by NIN as sung by a lounge singer was a highlight). We requested Britney Spears' Toxic cause we thought it would be funny and so they gave it a shot and as luck would have it, it turned out REALLY good. That takes some serious talent to pull off. If they didn't know it (like Toxic) they'd find it and play it. They played a wide variety of stuff.\u000a\u000aPart of the experience is based on the crowd. We had a couple larger groups (there on a Thursday night, so smallish group in general) that they interacted with a lot, providing some running jokes and comedy. Of course, that also meant some annoying drunk people feeling like they could take over half the show.\u000a\u000aMy friends were BIG fans of the super cheap beer specials. $1 drafts from Rock Bottom next door. The waitress wasn't great but it could have been that she was the only one there and the layout isn't that easy to navigate. The bar was generally uncrowded though so getting service there was fast.\u000a\u000aIf in the Waterfront for a night out, definitely a place to hit and have some fun if you are up for some fun and willing to sit through a couple clunkers of songs/jokes. Having a fun loving group of friends to mock things with when they go off the rails a bit will help make it more fun.
p471
aVWhile we were in Pittsburgh for the Winter Classic on New Years Day, we figured we'd see what the area had to offer for NYE. My wife and I, along with my friend and his girlfriend hit up Sing Sing in Homestead. It's apparently located on what was the site of one of the largest steel mills in the area. When it closed they turned the entire site into a large outdoor shopping and entertainment development. The only remaining artifacts from what once was, were the nine or so original mill smoke stacks still standing at the primary entrance. Pretty cool.\u000a\u000aSing Sing, which is a piano bar, is attached to the Rock Bottom Brewery and serves a selection of RBB's in-house brews and shares a similar menu. There are no TV's, no sports memorabilia (which is rare for this city), and no big booths for large groups. This place is all about being a cabaret with the focus on the musicians. Mind you this isn't a bad thing, just note that if you want a bar, go next door or across the street to Dave and Busters. I'd say Sing Sing holds about 150 people seated.\u000a\u000aThis particular night they were hosting a (shocker) NYE's party. For $40 bucks a person you got a choice of two entrees (beef tenderloin tips or lemon chicken), veggies, mashed potatoes, one free drink coupon, a midnight champagne toast, and, what turned out to be over four hours of non-stop music. Again... Pretty Cool.\u000a\u000aThere were three musicians holding down the fort playing more than just piano (drums, electric synth, bass guitar, and apparently I missed the sax). There was plenty of crowd involvement. As in most piano bars you request songs along with a tip. The larger the tip, the better chance of hearing your song you have. I put three requests on a sheet with a 10 and managed to get two played. Their rendition of Toto's Africa was fantastic and surprisingly, my curve ball got hit out of the park when one of the guys actually knew the tune and words to the Theme from TV's "Growing Pains." I was sold from that point on.\u000a\u000aI will take this time to note that this is NOT a family friendly joint. I'm not sure if it was 21+ only but I certainly wouldn't bring anyone too young to drive. A good amount of sexual refrences and strong language awaits you.\u000a\u000aDrinks were stiff and not horribly overpriced. I think rail mixed drinks were $7.00 and beers were 6 or so (RBB doesn't brew anything I particularly enjoy so I stuck with rum and cokes). All and all my bill wasn't scary and I'm not used to that on Dec 31st. Waitress staff was really nice and incredibly attentive. No complaints there. \u000a\u000aThe only down side to everything was group seating as you're sitting at 2-top cab tables. It was easily fixed though as the group next to us was up for rearranging tables from side to side to front to back (allowing us to talk and share food/booze etc), also, being a tourist, we had no idea how hard it would be to get a cab in Homestead. Understandably NYE has its issues with cab availability but we had to wait 2.5 hours for a cab because, as we found out, Homestead is a very suburban community right outside of the city and everyone drives. \u000a\u000aOoops!\u000a\u000aAll and all a good time and someplace I'd certainly return to if for any reason I'd be back in Pittsburgh... as long as I have a car.
p472
aVIn my opinion, Sing Sing is really not worth it. It gets expensive because you drink, maybe start to sing a few lyrics, drink some more, think of a song you wanna hear, put $5 and title of said song on a piece of paper, you drink, they play it, everyone else is trying to get their songs played so you put $10 on your next sticky note...and so on and so forth. I wasn't really into it when I first got there but as the night went on and lager went in I started to warm up to the place. I feel that if I have to drink in order to have a good time, it's not worth it. But again, that's just me.\u000a\u000aThe 2 stars are for the piano players, who are entertaining and very talented, and the Rock Bottom brews they serve.
p473
aVSo.Much.Fun! \u000a\u000aI WISH I could play a song at the drop of a hat. Too bad I never took piano lessons and I'd probably end up mumbling half the lyrics other than the chorus. Unless it's Salt n' Pepa's Shoop. \u000a\u000aThis is a really great place to go when you have out of town guests or are looking for a fun place to take someone for a birthday celebration or a fun night out. It's just something different to do other than boozing it up at the bars on a Saturday night. \u000a\u000aKeep in mind you'll be paying around a $5-10 cover plus whatever drinks and food you get. The good thing is the food is coming from the attached Rock Bottom Brewery. So a lot of it is restaurant quality good. Plus the brewery beer is actually pretty good! OF course you will be paying restaurant price drinks...so of course they're up charged a bit. But you do pay for the whole experience....so you gotta get into the spirit with some spirits! \u000a\u000aThe guys who play are incredibly talented. There's 2 guys that will take requests and play songs on the piano. They pretty much play ANYTHING you ask. Contemporary songs, throw back songs, fight songs, rap songs, pop songs. You name it, they play it. \u000a\u000aMy favorite part is when they switch out to another two guys. They'll all four get on stage and play two piano's, a guitar and drums. They usually rock out with some fun familiar songs (um, Journey, of course!). \u000a\u000aThe birthday song is seriously the best. They sing to you....and call you some names....with expletives. But in a totally nice way of course. You just have to go!
p474
aVDueling piano bars in Pittsburgh started at Station Square, and they died out. Then when the chain restaurant magnet "waterfront" opened in 2000 the parent company of The Rock Bottom Breweries decided to open Sing Sing in back of The Brewery.\u000a\u000aWhen it first opened it was pretty cool. The very first house band could put on a show that led to standing ovations. I know, I was there. From Stairway to Heaven to Free Bird, Stayin' Alive to She's My Cherry Pie, Elton John to the Boss, they were amazing at sounding like the bands they were covering. Equally incredible were the obscure songs that audience members would shout out, songs only you though you knew, and they would effortlessly sing a good portion of the song, sounding like the band who's song they sung.\u000a\u000aBut today, Sing Sing seems like it's stuck in the early part of the 21st century. The whole dueling piano, shout out a song to stump the band, Sing us a song you're the piano man has run it's course. I don't hate Sing Sing, but I could never come here more than once a year. It's a been there, done that kind of place.
p475
aVIf you want to be wowed by musical talent and want to laugh all night, go to Sing Sing :) If you send a dollar up with a song request, they will play it. If they don't know it, they will ask for the person who put the request in so they can sing something else they like, or they will look up the lyrics and sing it!! They aim to please :) I have definitely been pleased :)
p476
aVSing Sing is awesome!! Give a buck or more and they will play anything, and if they don't know it, they will search for who requested the song so they can do something else the person will enjoy! :) Great humor too!! :)
p477
aVWhat a great time!  This place was awesome!  I wish I lived right down the road, because I could see myself being a regular here.\u000a\u000aHonestly, these guys have got some talent, like real talent.  They can play the piano, sing, play guitar, and the drums.  Did I mention that they are all pretty hilarious, too.  I'd easily pay the $7 cover to get in here any day because it really is worth it.  \u000a\u000aI am sure I will be back in no time at all.  Next time, I am bringing a big group of friends.
p478
aVCame here with a group of girls and didn't have a reservation. We paid the cover, walked in and it was absolutely packed. There was nowhere to even stand. One of our friends was having issues with an expired license and when we found out that not all of us got in, they let us get our $7 cover back without issue. \u000a\u000aI recently went with a big group who had reserved about 50 seats. People who were not in the group kept coming in to the reserved area but the staff was very helpful in dealing with the group. \u000a\u000aThey brew their own beer so do not expect to see any known brands. There are only about 6 beers on top, so if you are more of a light beer drinker you might not be too happy with the beer choices. They also have mixed drinks and wine. The mixed drinks around about $9 and they have a limited number of bottled wines (despite what it says on the menu). \u000a\u000aThe entertainment was great and I would recommend it for a group outing. But definitely make sure that you have a reservation.
p479
aVLame. Lame as heck.\u000a\u000aThe premise seemed kind of fun, but when I got there it did not take long for Sing Sing to disappoint. The $7 cover was way too high for this place, and the drinks were not good. The music the guys played was all stuff from like 1987. Nothing modern, mostly stuff you would hear on Bob FM during the two o'clock hour at work. The medley from Grease was a crowd pleaser I guess.\u000a\u000aPart of their schtick is that if a member of your party is having a birthday or wedding or what have you then you can pay to have that person dragged on stage and they will sing a song to them. They were doing dirty versions of well known songs, and there was really only one joke.  "Hey there Delilah" became "Hey There V****a" and that was the cleverest one. Hope you like 7th grade dirty jokes, because you'll be hearing a lot of them. Mostly ones that you already know from 7th grade.\u000a\u000aI would not recommend anybody go. I want my brain cells back.
p480
aVThis place has gone significantly down hill.  I've gone to Sing Sing about once a year for the last 6 or 7 years.  When we started going there you couldn't get a seat unless you got there early.  It was always packed.  However, each year the crowd seems to get smaller and smaller.  Crowd is an important component of a piano bar due to the interactive nature of it all.  I was there last Saturday night (8/4/12) and there was about 20-30 people there.  Very slow and boring.  It appears the crowd is no longer allowed up on stage, taking a lot of the interactive fun out of what this place used to be.  This was likely my last time at Sing Sing.  Save your $7 and skip this place.  A real shame because this place was once a lot of fun.
p481
aVHad an absolute blast!! Great for any crowd, any occasion, any age! Ashley the waitress was AMAZING
p482
aVPicture Billy Joel's "Piano Man" DOUBLED mixed with beer, a rowdy crowd, and comedy - Welcome to Sing Sing!  A unique musical experience found in Homestead.\u000a\u000aIf you're looking to grab a bite to eat or a beer, come on in!  Serving food and brews from Rock Bottom Brewery, Sing Sing keeps your tummy full while you listen to two (or more) amazingly talented pianists take your musical requests.  They'll play anything you'd like, for tips of course.  Wanting to hear Britney Spears?  Toto?  Duran Duran?  Yep, they play that... new or old.\u000a\u000aThe crowd makes the show, so make sure you come ready for a good time.  If the crowd is dead, it's harder for the Guys to get a reaction.  If you're wanting to have some fun, it can be a GREAT time!  It's the perfect place for Birthday parties - especially if you want to embarrass a friend.  The guys will bring them up to the pianos and perform a little ditty.  For being a good sport, you get the coveted Sing Sing bumper sticker.  Now who wouldn't want that?\u000a\u000aDueling Pianos and brews... time to Shut Up & Sing Sing!
p483
aVFirst time here tonight and I must say I wasn't sure if I wanted to go. It seemed like it might be ok but nothing special but I decided to go with friends and man did I have a blast. The $7 door charge was great figuring u had music from 8 until probably 2 am ( we left shortly after 1). The food was not super but good prices reasonable. The beer left something to b desired as they r a micro brewery so u can only get their crafts. I asked for something similar to yeungling but what I got was nothing like it. The musicians were great they made this place awesome. We will b back and this may b our new Pittsburgh hangout
p484
aVWent here for the first time this past weekend. Needless to say I'll be returning! It was a blast!!!\u000a\u000aIt was cheap to get in and since we got there a bit earlier we got a semi-good table. Though it was very annoying that people had reserved tables right up front and never showed up. WHAT IS WRONG WITH THESE PEOPLE?! Everything if you ask me! Seriously though if you're going to reserve a table, you better freaking go! \u000a\u000aI had no complaints about the place itself! The guys were hilarious and watching my brother get made fun of multiple times was just the cherry on top! Anddd this has to be the only place I've ever enjoyed being around people who were sloppy drunk, because the comedians take no prisoners! \u000a\u000aI did enjoy when Matt and Joey were the ones up there because they are just amazing and make it so much better! They are great at what they do. Can't wait to go back!
p485
aVMy friend is a piano teacher, so I took it as a good sign that Sing Sing would be quality stuff. It was her birthday, and I didn't really know anything about dueling piano bars. I was picturing glossy black grand pianos with glittering notes, pianists in black jackets and crystal glasses full of red wine. I am really, really glad I was wrong. \u000a\u000aIt was gritty, bawdy and quintessentially Pittsburgh. First off, the pianos are scuffed to hell, considering the number of tipsy people who sit on them nightly while being mildly humiliated. The musicians hammer away at them, and they're covered with N@ and Sing Sing stickers. It's obvious they've been well-loved. The music is anything but the elevator music I was picturing; it's rock, hip-hop, oldies, pop, and just about any genre imaginable thanks to the request system (send up a piece of paper with some money) and the amazing repertoire of the musicians. For instance, "Rubber Ducky" and "Gangsta's Paradise" were both featured when I was there, and both performed impeccably. They also honored a request for a Taylor Swift song only to receive $30 and a request for "anything else," which they promptly followed. The musicians also do funny versions of popular songs, and throw in things like "yinz" instead of "you."\u000a\u000aI saw in awe of the performers for a decent portion of the night. It must take a particularly special type of person to put on a show like this, considering the energy, confidence, wit, empathy, boldness, silliness, cleverness, and sheer talent a job like this requires. They rotate performers in and out so there's not even an intermission. I've read comments about the baseness of the humor, but I had no doubt the guys up on stage were intelligent dudes. They had great personalities: one was about 140 pounds, cheeky, and quick-witted. He acted out every sport in the winter olympics, and was pretty into this 90-something-year-old lady in the audience called Joan. The other had crazy hair and bright blue Chucks, beatboxed as well as he sang, and made it point to play a handful of songs for my friend's birthday. "I think Ray Charles is the most soulful guy of all time," he said when she requested him.\u000a\u000aThere were tons of people celebrating birthdays, and one big bachelorette party the Saturday night I was there. The performers bring the birthday boy/girl, bachelor/bachelorette, etc. on stage (for a $20 tip, which is pretty easy to scrounge up among friends) and humiliate the hell out of them, i.e. this is not the place to be if you can't laugh at yourself. My friend had a short dress on when she sat on the piano, and they sang a three-minute song about her vagina.\u000a\u000aLuckily, the show eclipsed the bad service and overpriced, weak drinks, because those did feature heavily throughout the night. The rest of the staff was friendly, however, and I stumbled on the door guy singing and dancing by himself, which made me smile.\u000a\u000aSing Sing is definitely not an every weekend type of thing (much like Hofbräuhaus), but is a splendid way to celebrate a special occasion. Definitely belongs on every required Pittsburgh experiences list.
p486
aVAlways a good time, although it's definitely not a place I would visit often. It's great for groups....which is quite obvious since there are always several folks there for bachelorette  parties and birthdays. \u000a\u000aShut out to the piano players, who can not only play the piano, but also sing, play the drums and the sax. They are funny and know how to keep a crowd entertained. Also know some pretty obscure songs. \u000a\u000aMy big criticism is the set up. If you don't have a reservation and/or come later in the evening, it's difficult to get seats. Believe me, I don't mind standing, but it does become a bit awkward when you have to keep scooting over to let waitresses and patrons past you. If you do find a seat, it is often littered with someone else's empty glasses.
p487
aVThe musicians at this place work hard to entertain the crowd, so I can't say they are all bad.  However the minimum for a song request is $5.  I spent $20 on a song for my girlfriend and they NEVER played it!!  They were playing songs for $5 and $10, but my $40 got me no where.  Even if they didn't know the song, which I doubt, they could have picked one they knew and improvised,  my tip, save your $$ on the requests.\u000a\u000aOtherwise it's fun for special events every once in awhile.
p488
aVI went here with a bachelorette party. We had reservations, which was good because it was packed that Saturday night. The performers were very talented, but the acoustics were strangely off.   The theme that ran through the whole show was, to quote some phrases they kept repeating, "you bitch, you slut, you whore" and  "twinkle twinkle little slut, why don't you take it up the butt" which one of the pianists wrote on the mirror at the back of the stage... You get the idea?  Perhaps if I had not been the designated driver, alcohol would have made these jokes funny the fifth, sixth, seventh time. Or maybe not.
p489
aVHe was incredibly sexist/homophobic. He could barely play the piano and when we finally recognized a song we could actually dance to he literally asked me to get off stage because he didn't like another on stage who could actually dance with the girls.
p490
aVPretty fun place to go every once in a while, but, believe me, by the end of the night you'll be ready to go. The show lasts around 5 hours, by the 3 hour mark you'll be sick of sitting there in the crowd with your $9 a pop drinks listening to the same dirty jokes over and over and over again.
p491
aVMy best friend took me to Sing Sing for my bachelor party. I had a blast. The musicians (dueling pianists) made fun of me in a bunch of songs. They also were really good at playing requested tunes (rock). When the show was over we shuffled across the hall to the connected "Rock Bottom" restaurant for some grub. We all had so much fun that we went back for my buddy's bachelor party.\u000a\u000aThere were some drawbacks though. We went on a Thursday night so the atmosphere was lacking as the place was pretty empty. And of course they are a little pushy soliciting tips when the place is empty. But it's not our fault the place is empty on Thirsty Thursday, if their drinks weren't so damn expensive maybe more people would show up. And sometimes they used vulgar language which was just unnecessary since they would have otherwise still been hilarious. Also there was no table service, and the only bartender was a bitch. I'll probably be back, but only for a special occasion when I can afford it.
p492
aVTalented piano players, but I found it annoying they kept pushing for tips all night long. We got the message. Server was nice and songs were good. It was super loud in there so be prepared. Super crowded Saturday night so make sure you come early
p493
aVWhat a great time! The pianists are funny, talented, and just a tad crude. But just enough to be funny.
p494
aVStopped in at Sing Sing to have a few drinks and hang out with some friends. The entertainment was fun. The guys do a great job singing, playing the instruments, and keeping the crowd pleased. Sing Sing is attached to The Rock Bottom Brewery so they have house beers. I did have the sampler and I enjoyed all six beers I sampled. What a great place to hang out. I highly recommend.
p495
aVWhat a fun place!! :) The 2 guys playing piano and telling jokes are great!\u000aWe went there for drinks on weekend and the place had a good crowd. It's definitely entertaining and fun. Not family friendly though!
p496
aVSing sing is a great place to change up the pace on a Saturday night! We had a large part of 22 people so my sister took care of the reservations, but by the looks of it, it seemed like every table was reserved! My suggestion is that you call ahead and reserve a table for however large your party is. Don't forget it's $7 to get in unless it's your birthday it's free for you! If you eat at rock bottom it's $3.50 for you to get in! \u000a\u000aThis is a dueling piano bar and its definitely a great time! The musicians are very talented and can play the drums,piano,and harmonica. Well that's what it was this night!  They played all different kinds of genres! No complaints about their musical talents for sure! The only downfall is that they could be very vulgar towards the crowd, but it's all in good fun! That crude humor didn't bother us at all! \u000a\u000aThe service of was fantastic l! Our server had to deal with 22 of us and didn't miss a beat at all! \u000a\u000aSo you ask why 3 stars, well 3 stars because of the price of alcohol!! That was a BIT ridiculous, but at that moment when your a little tipsy it doesn't seem to phase you until the next day!  It was over $9 for a vodka tonic!!! AHHHHH what kind of highway robbery is that?!??\u000a\u000aBut all in all its a great change of pace! We would do it again, but definitely not drink as much the best time!
p497
aVService was terrible from the time we walked in, very overcrowded, and overrated, does not live up to the hype in the least bit.
p498
aVI brought my car here in 2006 for repair of a scratched bumper.  The damage was minimal, but the work required removing my entire bumper for repainting.  The staff were very helpful in explaining my options and presenting me with a few choices to get the most bang for my buck.  They completed the work in the quoted amount of time and did a great job.  A few weeks later, I noticed a spot that needed touched up and they handled it immediately and without question.  I would definitely recommend these guys if you need bodywork or paint work done.
p499
aVI was so pleased with the quality of customer service at this body shop, from the very first time I took my car in for an estimate to a couple months down the line when I got my car repaired (they still remembered me!). One thing I really like is that they always pick up the phone. You wouldn't believe how annoying it is when businesses don't do this during normal business hours. They're so personable and gave me an honest quote that I couldn't turn down because it was the lowest in town (I checked out 5 places). They just really made this process painless and smooth. I believe it's a family-run business, and boy does it show in their hospitality.\u000a\u000aFran and Jason were the ones that I worked with -- extremely knowledgeable and patient, especially with a customer like me who wants to make sure all the paperwork is thorough and calculations are accurate. Joe DiIorio's (with an "i" not an "l") Auto Body also works closely with Enterprise Car Rental down the street, so they came and picked me up. Those guys down there have a great relationship with this body shop as well and were really accommodating.\u000a\u000aOverall, the quality of their work is amazing. I had a large dent on the driver side front bumper and had to replace my light (they ended up getting an OEM light instead of the aftermarket one because it didn't match) and get a brand new bumper. They blended the paint for me, washed, waxed, and vacuumed my car, AND their work has a lifetime guarantee. What can I say other than give my highest recommendation and hope other Yelpers can find this helpful, as this is how I found out about them.
p500
aVFrom my first phone call to Joe Diliorio's, I was impressed. Every staff member I spoke too was kind and eager to help. I was treated like an important client even though my car needed only moderate repairs from a low speed collision. I was able to bring my car in right away for an assessment of the damage. Joe Dilorio's took care of everything from that point on. They dealt directly with my insurance company, ordered the parts (even getting new parts instead of the used ones my insurance company wrote the estimate for, at no cost to me), and gave me a call when all the parts came in. I then brought my car back to them and they completed the repairs in a timely fashion. When I arrived to pick up my vehicle, I was pleasantly surprised to see that they had vacuumed, washed, and waxed my car! Most importantly, the repair work was absolutely top notch. They masterfully blended the paint to match older parts with newer repair parts. My car looks even better than before the wreck!\u000a\u000aIf you don't want any hassle, want to be treated with respect, and want your car looking fantastic, give these guys a call!\u000a\u000a-Adam
p501
aVJoe Dilorio's Auto Body Shop was so helpful when I needed to get windows replaced. The were able to give me a lower quote then competing auto body shops in the area. They were also incredibly friendly and a pleasure to do business with. I'm planning on taking my car here for all future auto needs.
p502
aVThis is the best place we've ever taken our cars to. Their customer service is outstanding. It appears that they really like doing what they do because they are always willing to explain everything in detail. I also like that they don't over charge. I completely trust them to be honest and do the best job possible.
p503
aVThis place is amazing! I needed my car repaired after an accident and the guys here were so helpful. They set me up with a rental car as soon as I dropped my car off, repaired my car in a timely manner, detailed it for free, and their customer service was unbelievable!!! I can't recommend this place more!
p504
aVI'm grateful to my insurance company for recommending Di Iorio's Auto Body Shop. After an accident, I needed some body work done as soon as possible. The other recommended shops wouldn't even make an appointment to see me for days. These guys fit me in that afternoon, and coordinated the rental too. Everyone I worked with was courteous and pleasant, and the work was done more quickly than expected. Moreover, they found ways to help save on the expense. The car came out looking better than before the accident -- a few days later, I noticed they had buffed out some scratches that weren't even part of the repair area. I will definitely be back next time I need auto repairs.
p505
aVI had a good experience with this body repair shop several years ago, so took my car back again recently.  This time was a lot different - the repair took longer than promised, and was not done as well as I expected it to be.  I guess they are no longer interested in repeat customers.
p506
aVSO lucky to be referred to Joe DiIorio's after moving to Pittsburgh. I've been taking my cars here since 2011 and I recommend them to everyone. It's really invaluable to have "car guys" that you trust. I could detail many experiences here (in comparison to other chain shops), but suffice it to say that they've always been honest, helpful, and fair.
p507
aVYou can find pretty good body work without too much trouble.  Finding a place that's friendly, prompt, and organized that ALSO does good body work is more difficult.  Joe Dilorio's delivers on all counts.  Highly recommended for the next time you -- or somebody else -- make a little mistake on the road.
p508
aVAmazing repair service. I hit a really fat raccoon in the Appalachians (it was dark and rainy and I didn't see the poor thing until it was too late) while going fairly fast down a hill. The raccoon destroyed my front bumper, the grill, and my right fog light. Thankfully I had duct tape in my trunk. Anyway, once I got back to Pittsburgh, I called my insurance agent.\u000a\u000aMy insurance referred me to DiIorios and I'm really glad they did! The staff was very friendly and helpful doing the estimate. They even set up a rental for me when I was having the car repaired. \u000a\u000aThey kept me updated on the status of the car and were just really pleasant to work with the whole time.\u000a\u000aHopefully I don't have to get any body work done on my car again anytime soon, but if I do, I know I'm going to take back to DiIorios.
p509
aVI didn't like the customer service of this body shop.. There price estimate for my repair was outrageous.. They won't be getting my business
p510
aVI've gotten a few more estimates since I wrote my original review.. I found that Joe Dilorio's repair estimate was three times the price of the other auto body shops.. If you don't believe me= check yourself..
p511
aVGood sevice everytime my bmw is there. Looks like it came off the show room floor after its fixed from a collision everytime.
p512
aVTypical, but new.  \u000a\u000aYou see all of the people that are walking in and out and, I must say, the customers look like they work for a living hear.  I swear one of the guys was covered head to toe in soot.  That is amazing.  \u000a\u000aRan around the store looking for those few items that I needed to satisfy my need to build and create.  Minimal help from the small quantities of employees, but some of them actually asked if I needed help -- after I had found the item.
p513
aVWhen making a Customer's paymento atLowe's, we have our checklist:\u000a\u000a1. Do the phone numbers match?  Nope, but that's fine since people are always changing their phone numbers anyways.\u000a2. Does the name on account match name on check?  Nope, but mistakes happen at those pesky check companies.\u000a3. Does the account number on the check match the account number on the screen?  Why should it, those computers are always making mistakes.\u000a\u000aNow that we have verified that all the information is correct, we can process the payment.  The customer will be so happy that we didn't have to bother them with any silly questions.\u000a\u000a******\u000aI am sad to say that this is an actual occurrence.  What was originally an average Lowe's has turned into Lowe's Hell.  If the associates do not have basic logic comprehension, how do they survive?
p514
aVYour typical area big box hardware store.  It's convenient to go to because of the proximity to other stores and how close it is to so many communities.\u000a\u000aCan't really say much else about this place other than with the self checkout lanes it's a breeze to run in and then out without having to deal with a single associate.
p515
aVThis local Lowe's serves its purpose for my husband and me -- a convenient home improvement store that we run into every month or two. I am most impressed by the lawn and garden section of the store. I am not sure how it compares to other Lowe's stores, but when shopping at the Home Depot in North Fayette last fall, their flower selection was dismal compared to this Lowe's.
p516
aVWaterfront Lowe's beats Monroeville Lowe's for lawn and garden.  Hate to admit it, but it's true.
p517
aVMy husband and I went to the store on June 29th. We planned to purchase two doors. We decided to pay $35.00 to have an installer come to the house and measure so that  Lowes can install the doors. We would be paying several hundred dollars to get the doors installed. After the installation, Lowe's would refund us the$ 35.00. Our paperwork said we would receive a call from an installer within 2 business days. I also had a few other questions that our salesman said the dept Manager would call me about the next day. Never received a call from anyone at Lowe's! By July 2 we still had not heard from the installer or the dept Manager. I called the dept manager and asked him my few questions that I had. He answered one question and said he would have another millwork person call me. Millwork never called me! By July 3, I called our salesman (David Crane). He was surprised that I had not heard from the installer. He told me he would send a message to the installation dept about calling us.Today it's July 8th and we STILL have not heard a peep from anyone at Lowes. Our total order that we planned on spending at Lowe's was around $1700.00 !! I called today and asked to talk to a store Manager. I told him that we have not heard from anyone at Lowe's and that we are not going to proceed with our order. I told him we would like our $35.00 back. He said OK, just bring in your receipt the next time you are at the store. He never apologized, he never even asked me what my customer number was so he could look up our order and maybe somehow save this sale !!!! I cannot believe how unprofessional this store was ! Goodbye Lowes...Hello Home Depot !! What a shame ! David Crane our salesperson was very nice and helpful to us...too bad he is losing the sale.
p518
aVLowe's is my goto store for home improvement supplies. It's convenient and local to me. \u000aCustomer service is always great and prices are fair. \u000aMy most recent experience with customer service was AMAZING. So a hose burst on my hot tub. Call repair guy or try to fix it myself? I gave it a go. Took pictures of the hose and fitting and headed to the plumbing section. I showed the gentleman the picture and asked for help. He didn't have exactly the fitting for a hot tub, but gave me what he thought would work. It did! Under $3 bucks later and all was a go! Winter came and it sprung a leak in same spot. My fault and maybe lack of strength to tighten fitting and frigid temps. Back to plumbing section. Same gentleman. Gave me the advice again and bam, fixed! \u000aTHIS is what I want in customer service. Sadly, I cannot remember his name. (Bad customer on my part.) Thank you!!!
p519
aVLowe's is my first stop for all of my home projects.   I am currently redoing door.  Lowe's has knowledgeable employees that offer advice to the DIYs as well as a stable of contractors to hire out the big jobs.   Returns are handled seamlessly,  who doesn't grab the wrong part?  Their garden section is great for Spring planting.  They have competatively priced appliances.  5% off with Lowe's credit card is also nice.  Having those large items delivered is a convenience. Their best asset is the expertise of the staff.  I frequently change mind on an original concept based on their input.   Highly recommended
p520
aVI went into Lowes for a few items--one being a dehumidifier.  I asked 2 different employees to assist--they were rude and told me to read the box.  Being 8 months pregnant I couldn't lift the box into the cart and they didn't much care.  Finally after asking another 3 employees--I found one to help. So much rudeness --checking out and trying to find other items. Clearly there are zero expectations for customer service here.
p521
aVI stopped in because I needed to buy some DampRid for my bathroom.  I was in the waterfront doing some other shopping when I decided to just stop here. \u000a\u000aI asked a gentleman where I could locate this product and he stated in would be in one of two aisles. I'm always impressed at home improvement stores how the employees know exactly where every product is.. no matter how small or popular. I went into the first aisle mentioned with no luck then onto the next one. I still didnt have luck and asked another employee who said i was in the right aisle but the product was located at the very end on the bottom shelf.\u000a\u000aWhile i was satisfied with the customer service, it would have been easier and more friendly if one of those workers showed me where the product was. I'm always lost in these stores. Lowes competitor kind of goes well beyond and shows you exactly where product is.\u000a\u000aNot a big deal, just explaining my 3 star review :) The DampRid was sold in a 2 pack for under $6. I left satisfied.
p522
aVExcellent wings and sandwiches, generally good food otherwise, and fair prices-- nice casual place. The service can be a little slow due to how popular the place gets at peak times.
p523
aVThe food here can actually be a little hit and miss, but I love the grilled cheese club with fries. I get it way too much. People make fun of me.\u000a\u000aThey have a ten dollar minimum for credit cards, fyi.
p524
aV3.5 rounding down. Its been a while since JB and I ate here and I would consider going back but we just haven't gotten around to it. The beer selection looked great but the first 3 beers that I wanted "hadn't come in yet" (they were in the middle of expanding their offerings, this really bothers me...if you don't have the product, don't put it on the menu).\u000a\u000aIts not necessarily vegetarian friendly, I got a pizza and it was good, not fantastic, only good. Justin was satisfied with his meal. Its a good place to eat if you live in the neighborhood but I wouldn't recommend going out of your way.
p525
aVGreat atmosphere and even better people----wait staff was very friendly and the French Onion soup was amazing....Definetly recommend the home made chips...\u000a\u000aGreat Bar in the up and coming Homestead area.....Highly recommend
p526
aVWe're always looking for non-chain restaurants by the Waterfront (they do exist...), and this has become a favorite. I've had the Hot Roast Beef & Fries and the Corned Beef on Rye, and both were delicious. Every beer I've had here has been ice cold, and the service has been strong too. It's a great place to watch a Pirates game too.
p527
aVStopped by on a Mon evening after trying to dine at Smoke Taqueria which is closed Mondays. Parking on street in front or behind off Hay St. Super friendly bartender. In warmer months they have huge outdoor area & big screen & upstairs cornhole game area. Okay draft beer selection and big bottle selection. Tried the italian club which was really good - two of us split one. Also tried sweet potato fries - amazingly good! Home made chips w bleu were overpowered by sauce. Bathroom was in need of plaster and wall repairs & was grossed out by toilet brush/holder on a shelf near toilet at eye level. Bet it's a fun place in warmer months.
p528
aVAwesome wings and pubgrub! Great beer selection and fun bartenders.
p529
aVThis place is overrated. A friend and I were looking forward to a beer and some good bar food- instead the wings were terrible and the beer was good but overpriced. There's nothing wrong with this place I just don't understand the clout around it. There should be no clout.
p530
aVThere's lots of potential here because of the wonderful character and ambiance of this place, but the food was average at best.  We were there on a Pens Playoff night and there were 2 people working all the tables in both rooms.  Our food came to us cold and unimpressive at that.  Our orders were somewhat mixed up.  The potato skins used a really cheap artificial cheese that was not very appealing.  I tasted a slice of pizza, which is definitely the best thing they offer.  The crust was delicious and homemade.  If you are going to order something, I would go with the pizza.  We also ordered the chicken wings which were pretty good, also.  If you are looking for good food, Homestead better choices at Blue Dust or Tin Front.
p531
aVBefore today I probably would have given this place three stars based mostly on their beer selection; however, today the service was terrible. We waited two hours for a pizza sub, French onion soup, fries, and buffalo chicken tenders. About an hour and a half in we finally got the small pizza sub and the wrongly made buffalo chicken tenders (ie, no hot sauce). We were told by the waitress that she realized it was wrong, but decided to still bring it out to see if my gf would eat it. She sent it back. By a half hour later, we still had not received the buffalo chicken tenders, nor the French onion soup (which should have been mostly made already), and no fries.  We were told the chef was new, but no effort was made really to make the situation better. No quick and easy app or beers on the house. To boot, the beer was pretty expensive. I will probably give the place another chance based on their beer selection, but it won't be for a while. The food has always been average at best, and the pizza sub was no different. We ended up leaving after two hours without receiving 75% of our order.
p532
aVI'm reading on here that the food is really hit or miss. I've only gone to Duke's one time, but the food was good. It wasn't too busy so our service was very attentive and it didn't take long to get our food at all.\u000a\u000aThe place is separated between a bar area and a more family style dining area. We sat in the dining area because the bar area was pretty full. The dining room area definitely fills up with an older, have lived in Pittsburgh all their lives crowd, while the younger crowd is in the bar area. \u000a\u000aI'll definitely be back since I live in the area.
p533
aVDuke...the owner...is the man.  He's a true Pittsburgher and he loves everyone from Pittsburgh.  He looks like he'll beat you up but he's a softy with a big heart.  Look for the bald guy with the raspy voice and make friends...he'll hook you up.  He's also totally into the development of other Pittsburgh businesses and he hosts events for local startups.  Ask him for a tour of the old Eat n Park next door...I believe his intention is still to turn it into an incubator of sorts.  Fortunately, the bar is close enough to the waterfront that it's just far enough out of the ghetto...the crowd is certainly decent.  Definitely have some beers on the porch in the summer...especially in the rain (lower level is covered).  Very relaxing atmosphere.  I wish my company was located in the area so we could frequent Dukes more steadily (we're on the north side).  Still worth the drive to feel at home, have a good bite and some cold beers.
p534
aVI've been to Duke's three times now. When I first came to PGH, a lot of locals were telling me that this was a good place to catch a game, drink some brews and get great food. Most of that is true, but the bad has mostly outweighed the good.\u000a\u000aThey have an excellent new tap system. Last time I went, they had Thirsty Dog Leghumpper on draft, and it was perfect. The system really elevates already awesome beer. Plus, the selection is awesome. \u000a\u000aIt is a sports-themed bar, so you can expect drunk locals, loud TV's and plenty of yelling. I'm sort of into that, so it doesn't bother me, although I do think their staff is not well equipped enough to work among the chaos. Service is often slow, and they give the waitresses ZERO training in the beers that they offer. This is not a good place for trying something new, as they can't tell you a thing about it. \u000a\u000aThe biggest downfall of Duke's, though, is the food. I've had three different, but equally simple, dishes there; A Burger, a Cheesesteak and Chicken Tenders. The first was flavorless and cold. The second was passable, but nothing special. And the last were absolutely awful. Honestly, the batter and size of the chicken made me so ill, I had to call it an early night. I ate two of the 7 tenders (SEVEN!) and had to quit. \u000aTheir fries are very good. And so are the wings.\u000a\u000aI'd say Duke's is a good place to drink, but that's about it.
p535
aVFood is good here. Great beer selection on tap. Sometimes the beer is on the pricey side. What I want from a neighborhood bar is a neighborhood special. Pinkerton is one of the best sandwiches. Good place to watch football, hockey, baseball.
p536
aVOne of my favorite local eateries. The mild & wild sauce is my absolute favorite, I wish I could purchase it. I am not a big bar food junkie but the tomlin sandwich is great & reminds me of a fatheads sandwich. Food portion is great. The only complaint I would have if any is the craft beer is a little on the pricey side, as usual in most local bars. Friendly service, will continue to frequent with my family.
p537
aVCame back tonight after a hiatus and missing out on getting food from the Franktuary truck at Voodoo Homestead. I was going to get a burger until I saw on the back of the menu that they do prime rib on Saturday evenings. For $19 you got a large cut of meat, which was pretty tasty, a large side salad, and I chose a loaded baked potato for the side. They were a little chintzy with the sides. The prime rib came with no horseradish sauce or au jus. I asked for a horseradish sauce, which they had, but the container was so small I had to ask for another. It was a similar situation with the large side salad. It was pretty big, and required at least a second side of dressing. The food was all pretty good, with the prime rib taking the lead and the baked potato bringing up the rear. As always, the beer selection was pretty solid and I really enjoyed my East End Brewery Monkey Boy.
p538
aVWe recently ordered fish sandwiches from here. They were HUGE! We did get the large, but it was so big we could've just shared one. \u000a\u000aWas not over fried. The French fries were hot and also very good. We will definitely be going again to try something different.
p539
aVIf you want to know the people from Homestead/Munhall then Dukes is the place for you.  A locals favorite they've seen a lot of growth since I started going 10 years ago.   They have a great selection of beer but I think where they really shine is in the food department.  \u000a\u000aMy favorite sandwich there is the Pinkerton and it's often hard to get anything else every time I go.  Pierogi Pizza is pretty good as well as there gigantic sampler platter that a party of 4 could eat together!  Dukes is also an awesome place to watch sporting events with their see it from any angle TV selections all around the bar.  Soups of the days are awesome (Potato soup yes please) and they have a excellent happy hour special that will save you a few dollars.  \u000a\u000aI've always been treated with a welcoming vibe from the staff and I don't have any complaints.
p540
aVWent to Dukes last week. They have really renovated the place, and added a lot of large screen tv's. The best part, tho, is the vast improvement in draft beer selection. I counted 46 beers on tap. If you are a beer head and are at the Waterfront shopping are, this is definitely one of your best choices.  The food is above average, and the selection is common pub fare.
p541
aVI find it frustrating to read bad reviews about great bars and restaurants that are based on almost nothing. I eat and drink here about once a month and everything is great. I have eaten here around 50 times and never had a bad meal. Great draft and great service. This is the best bar in this area.
p542
aVI went to Duke's Upper Deck Cafe recently and overall really enjoyed my visit.  I went there to watch an Elite 8 game, and felt a little out of place as I was the only person in the bar that didn't seem to know everyone who was there.  However, that quickly went away because the regulars and bar staff were extremely friendly and made the entire game more enjoyable (I was cheering for my alma-matter from outta state and they all encouraged me to enjoy the game and not worry about bothering them if I was loud).  \u000a\u000aThe drinks were very fairly priced and feature a full bar and some great craft beer options. The food was just OK.  I ordered the wings, which were very good in a unique way.  The sauce is a mix of ranch and buffalo sauce and the wings come submerged in it. Initially this threw me for a loop but after trying them I can see why people love them, messy but delicious. I also ordered the pita pizza, i would not recommend this as it just wasn't very good.  \u000a\u000aI am looking forward to returning to Duke's this summer when I can sit outside and enjoy some craft beer and those delicious wings.
p543
aVThe chili dogs rock!  The portions are huge so come hungry.  Big selection of appetizers that go beyond the standard bar food list.  Great selection of draft beer.  Noise level is good for lunch but may be loud for dinner.
p544
aVLove dukes and love the food. I wish i could figure out the closing times or i wouldnt plan so many after work gatherings. Their food is amazing never had a bad meal and their prices are standard for crafts and actually pretty cheap for domestic
p545
aVI really don't see how anyone could give this place a bad review.  The food is fantastic and if it's not my belly luring me in then it's the awesome beer selection they have.  \u000aMy suggestion for those who are leery to try dukes after reading other ridiculous reviews is just order what they have on special that night... Everything is good so you can't go wrong and it will most likely come out faster and hotter being that it's on special.  If not I could suggest other delicious things to eat but I don't feel like typing out the entire menu...\u000aThey often switch the beers out so there is always a constant flow of different and unique craft beers on tap... They can also print you out a list of beers and their percentage so you know what you are in for! (Lol)\u000aAnyhow I love this place, the owners, and the staff! I highly suggest it to everyone who likes good beer and good food!
p546
aVMy boys and I stopped here for dinner one night. It was cold and dreary outside but warm and homey in here.  Our server was extremely nice. The menu had lots of options. They are kind of known for their potato soup so that's what I had. It is very good. It's a very thick soup that is velvety smooth. I would definitely order it again. It was perfect for a rainy night. \u000aMy youngest son had chicken tenders. They looked a little over cooked but I tasted one and it was good. The coating was crispy and the chicken was juicy. My older son ordered wings with their house made sauce. It was good but not spicy enough for him. I thought it was good and would order it the next time I go.
p547
aVHad corned beef sandwich. Meh. \u000a\u000aOnion rings were horrible. Extremely breaded and doughy. Greasy as all get out. I hope the chef will take the hint when all of the breading comes back, as I had to peel it away to get to the onion.
p548
aVWhat a cool place in Homestead. Love the environment and the food was really good. Stop here then head to the Waterfront to see a movie. It will be a great night.
p549
aVThank god for the draft list is all I can say. 3 things that were ordered were all wrong. Asked for no onion on all 3 and they all had onions on them . The place was not busy at all so if it was I could understand. The burger was solid though , steak on the salad was ice cold even though we were asked how we wanted it cooked so I assumed it was cooked to order and would come out at least warm. The inside of the place was clean and neatly decorated so that is a positive. Really loud place inside. I'd come here for the awesome draft selections but might pass on the food.
p550
aVCool place to hangout. Good food, good prices and selection on beer and solid service. Geographically not in the most convenient of locations though, so that's why it's getting 4, not 5-Stars. Would recommend going here.
p551
aVStopped for late lunch yesterday (3/4/16).  Extensive draft beer selection, by which I was pleasantly surprised (many neighborhood pubs in Pittsburgh, it's Bud Light, Yuengling or nothing, it seems).  Food menu is large and pretty typical pub fare, burgers, sandwiches, pizza, etc.  Ordered the tuna melt special, which was nothing spectacular, but tasty enough.  Pleasant atmosphere and bartender was very friendly.  Would like to go back when the weather is better and the back deck is open.  Overall, a good local alternative to all the chain places down in the Waterfront.
p552
aVThe transformation of this place is beyond amazing. If you haven't been there in a while you owe it to yourself to check it out. Clean and consistent. Friendly and fresh. Hands down our favorite place to eat in the area.
p553
aV2 strikes. Enjoy the fact that there are other options in the area like Dukes but our last couple visits have been very disappointing. \u000a\u000aHate to do it but I need to leave a review in hopes the manager can get things right. One of the main issues is that the kitchen is overcooking the hell out of the food I've ordered the past 2 visits. \u000a\u000aI can deal with a long wait which is understandable when there is a game on but having to wait for something that comes out missing something and overcooked can be frustrating especially given the cost. \u000a\u000aLast visit was a burger. I gave up and refused the offer for another. Bartenders were super cool about it and even offered me free drink tokens which I decided to redeem today. \u000a\u000aI felt bad just ordering free beer so I ordered a sandwich. It was the roast beef and turkey club which was described specifically on the menu as medium rare which sounded pretty good to me. The roast beef was beyond that. I would say extra well done. Obviously one of the chefs is struggling but I'm not totally sure that the beef was cooked in house. I'm not a chef but know when to pull a roast beef out of the cooker to achieve the proper temp. Anyway I decided not to say anything since the sandwich was still pretty edible and because of my girlfriend being embarrassed of me complaining. \u000a\u000aDecent beer selection. Waitress was very pleasant and attentive. Bar staff not so much this visit. We were ignored until I grabbed a table in the back. Neither of us weren't very happy about this. Possibly a no standing policy since there was only one empty chair at the bar? At least say something/acknowledge the customer that has been standing clearly in your view for 10 min obviously waiting for a drink.
p554
aVDuke's is one of Pittsburgh's best kept secrets in my opinion and one of my favorite spots to drink. The interior is really nice, the outdoor section is also really spacious and great for warm weather days. Beer selection is great and the bartenders/waitstaff are ALWAYS on their game. When I come with large groups I find that the waitresses are always very attentive and quick on their feet. If I had one minor complaint it would be with the food. Some people might like it but when it comes to appetizers I just find that they go wayyyy overboard with the greasiness/breading. I would highly recommend Duke's to anyone who is looking to mix it up.
p555
aVGREAT PLACE FOR A BIRTHDAY PARTY!  \u000a\u000aA FAMILY GATHERING!  \u000a\u000aA WORK RETIREMENT PARTY!  \u000a\u000aOR EVEN A DOUBLE-DATE!\u000a\u000aA combination watering hole, great place to eat and great entertainment for adults! Adult games!\u000a\u000aThe Homestead (Pittsburgh) location of Dave & Busters is just one of the almost 50 locations across the country - from New York to Florida to California - - from Canada to Mexico.  \u000a\u000aThe Dave & Busters idea was conceived in Little Rock, Arkansas back in the 1970s. Two different businesses (one a popular watering hole & one a game & entertainment business) were right next door to each other. The two young owners were friends and quickly realized that combining their businesses made perfect sense. So they opened the first combined D & B in  . . . . no, not Little Rock, but Dallas! To this day there are no D & B's in Little Rock. Not sure what is up with that! But lots of other cities have been the beneficiaries of these two friends combining their businesses.\u000a\u000aThe one in Pittsburgh is the only one I have ever been to.  When I lived there, a group of friends and co-workers (and me, of course!)used to go there for Happy Hour & Power Hour . . . . at least once a week. We had a blast!  A great place to kick-back and let the worries of the work day melt away.\u000a\u000aWonder if they'll ever open one in Marin County, CA? Shucks!  Probably not. Not a Marin County scene, for sure. \u000a\u000aWHAT A BLAST IT WAS THOUGH! I miss going to D & B. They have all the classics, like billiards & shuffleboard, plus over 200 interactive & video games. A rechargable Power Card provides an easy way to access all the games.  \u000a\u000aPOWER HOUR is game HAPPY HOUR - - an entire hour of classic and video games for just  ten bucks.  \u000a\u000aA GREAT BAR, WONDERFUL FOOD AND SERVICE! A RELAXING AND FUN WAY to spend a Friday or Saturday evening. You'll never want to leave. Meet your friends here, grab a beer and a burger or steak and hit the games. \u000a\u000aTime will just evaporate . . . . while you laugh and drink with your favorite girl, your best friend or even your boss!  \u000a\u000aDAVE & BUSTERS! LOTS OF PARKING! LOTS OF FUN!\u000a\u000aFUN! FUN! FUN! FUN! FUN! FUN! . . . . BRING ON THE BEER!
p556
aVD&B is nice once in a while but the food is insanely unhealthy. They are also really clever about designing the psychological context in ways to extract money from their customers. You feel a bit milked afterwards. Also much fatter.\u000a\u000aYou pay for games using credits from mag-stripe cards. This lets D&B give their games arbitrary prices and makes it harder for you to really know how much you are spending. Menus for drinks and food have no prices. $6.05 for a Banana Split cocktail? $3.40 for a Michelob?  I have no idea whether that is expensive but not showing the prices is clever because they can price their things and not have to obey pricing psychology (like anchors and so forth).\u000a\u000aWaitstaff hassle you repeatedly to order desserts. Oh, and the dining room has plastic demos dessert trays to get that thought going in your mind as you walk to your table.\u000a\u000aThe games are all violent shooters or racing games don't appear to have changed much since 2002 when I last went to D&B in California. Hope they can find more innovative arcade games in the future.\u000a\u000aNot a pleasant experience, but at least it's different from going to an ordinary restaurant.
p557
aVThis was actually the first time I've ever been to a Dave and Buster's.\u000a\u000aWalking into such a huge space, especially coming from the often narrow venues in San Francisco was strange.\u000a\u000aUn-nerving actually. \u000a\u000aBecause Dave and Buster's is all about excess. Almost obscenely so.\u000a\u000aAs far as food - their stuff is standard. Most of it is fried and as another reviewer pointed out - not very healthy. At all actually. You have to really scour the menu to find some somewhat decent viable and nutritious options.\u000a\u000aBut most people don't come to Dave & Buster's for food. They come for the games.\u000a\u000aAnd while I've never been that into video games or arcade games - my brother and sister always have.  I was apprehensive about having a good time here  - but after awhile - my siblings' enthusiasm about the place became contagious and I found myself really enjoying myself.\u000a\u000aEspecially once i realized that I have mad skills at Skee Ball. And proceeded to dominate.\u000a\u000aTrust.
p558
aVThink Chuck E. Cheese for adults.  Skee Ball, video games pool tables.  Clean environment.  Good fun.\u000a\u000aUnfortunately, I went for a bite to eat and it was impossible to find anything good and healthy on the menu.  I ended up settling for spinach dip.  Sadly, they topped the dip off with horrible orange shredded cheese that appeared to have been popped in the microwave for a few seconds.  Blahhhh.  Trying to get something healthy, I ordered the apple pecan salad.  I swear the dressing came right out of the grocery store bottle.  I could barely eat the salad.  Too sweet.\u000a\u000aMy mom ordered a steak roll.....holy friedness!  The steak was more like hamburger fried with cheese and then stuffed into breading that was fried AGAIN!  Yowzer!  Artery clogger for sure.  \u000a\u000aI like the atmosphere.  I like the bar area.  Perhaps next time we'll just stop by for drinks instead.
p559
aVI love the games here but can't go very often since they don't rotate new games in very often.  The place is usually pretty clean.\u000a\u000aPool tables often have a wait on the weekend but are some of the better ones you'll find in the city.\u000a\u000aFood is just "ok" Drink prices are fair but not great.
p560
aVDave and Buster's is an enigma, is it dining, a bar, or  playground for video game lovers? Let me get the bar part out of the way first, it's overpriced, and they try to get you to buy a glass to jack up your bill. \u000a\u000aNext, the food. Just like all the chain places at the Waterfront, there are sandwiches, burgers (yes they have a blue cheese burger, who doesn't?) pasta, salads, chicken fingers, yadda yadda. \u000a\u000aThe games, I swear over three quarters of the games have been there since 2000 when the place opened. I guess in ten years no new games have hit the scene.\u000a\u000aOverall Dave and buster's is unique to the Waterfront, but it's time to update the menu, update the games, and get into the second decade of the 21st century.
p561
aVBecause I have significantly younger sisters, I go to Dave and Busters about twice a year. It's fun for them and nostalgic for me. It can get expensive and the 'prizes' are cheap but it make for great "sister days" \u000a\u000aAs for the food, we've eaten there once and never again. It's just blah... frozen and fried. The veggie burger was put on there as an afterthought just so they could say they offer it. A frozen Boca patty thrown on a bun. Thanks! I could have ran to Costco for that. Drinks are rather expensive but that's to be expected. \u000a\u000aSo go for the games, fun and laughter and maybe stop somewhere else for drinks and a bite to eat (skip the bountiful chains that span the Waterfront and try Blue Dust on Amity Street).
p562
aVThe food was absolutely gross! I ordered a turkey club which comes on a wheat bun with avocado, bacon, and turkey breast. What I got was TOTALLY different from the picture! First of all the sandwich was on sliced bread (lame)! There was no avocado, 1 slice of bacon, no lettuce, and to TOP it off instead of turkey breast they used freaking LUNCH MEAT! lol No, not the kind that you get from the deli, the other sweaty nasty looking stuff! Gross! \u000a\u000aOur waitress was awful but they were extremely understaffed so I would have a bit of an attitude if I had to wait 10 tables without assistance too.   \u000a\u000aThe manager was really nice... Of course that disgusting sandwich that I didn't eat was free.
p563
aVThe usual fun center.\u000a\u000aYou can play games using a play card which you purchase there.  Game prices can be confusing- - -  2.3, 5.7, 9.9 credits, etc.\u000a\u000aThe arcade can be fun if you bring some friends.  \u000a\u000aAlmost every game is a ticket game and there are few innovative or exciting game choices.\u000a\u000aI didn't eat there, so I can't rate the restaurant part of Dave and Busters.
p564
aVWe came here on a Saturday night and luckily it wasn't as packed as I thought it would be. I love playing ticket games so luckily there were a lot of games to chose from and not many video games (sorry video game lovers!) We only played $20 worth of games and surprisingly we were there for awhile. I love their new Wheel of Fortune game! On our first play, we ended up winning a little over 700 tickets! They also have Fruit Ninja as a game. It was fun with the big widescreen but unfortunately you don't win as many tickets as you would hope. I wish their ticket center would have individual ticket counters like the other D&B's I've been to, where you feed a counting machine your tickets. At this place, they just weigh your tickets and give you the final count. We didn't try the food here and instead went to P.F. Chang's to eat before coming here, but the Eat & Play deal looked fun. Too bad it was only restricted to certain times of the day. Overall I had a blast here and definitely would come back. Hopefully next time when there is a deal or promotion.
p565
aVA table for 16 please...   That is what I had to ask for and knew that D&B could accomodate.\u000a\u000aI happen to be in the Homestead area for work.   I really wanted to dig into my Yelp bag of tricks provided by local Yelpers and introduce my team to the "Shock and Awe" they deserved but ... the shear numbers would made it hard.\u000a\u000aWhen I started thinking about how we would have a manageable lunch - The only idea I could come up with was the Golden Corral - I knew that was not going to work for me.\u000a\u000aWe decided to do something local and walking distance - D&B was it.\u000a\u000aIt is what you expect - quiet for lunch video games and a bar nearby but I had to forgo any festivities - it was a work lunch.   I was pleased they had a under 600 calorie menu.   I am trying to maintain a normal diet due to my stretchy pants being out of style and not wanting to look like a character out of Family Guy.\u000a\u000aThe waitress was very friendly and organized.    I ordered the Cabo style Chicken - Chicken Breast lightly seasoned and char-grilled, topped with pineapple pico de gallo and served with spicy rice and steamed fresh vegetables.\u000a\u000aIt was eh...   The chicken was cooked but the pineapple pico de gallo was bland.  The rice was bland.  The vegetables were cold.   I really blame it on the fact I was with 15 compatriots for lunch so I am giving it a fair rating.  Everything was edible.\u000a\u000aMy team went with deep fried foods and burgers.   They seemed pleased.\u000a\u000aService - very good\u000aFood - okay, not great.   My meal was $13\u000aAmbiance - well it was clean but there were not really any people in D&B\u000a\u000aThere are so many other choices for lunch that are local and close.  I would definitely recommend another in Squirrel Hill - I suggest you use Yelp to find you a better one (then come back and play! ;-) )
p566
aVNot much of a review for this one, but just a few tidbits of info...\u000a\u000aPool (on Friday/Saturday) is $14 per hour\u000a(I'm pretty sure its $10 through the week)\u000a\u000aMixed drinks are way too pricey for the location.\u000aThe food is crap.\u000a\u000aThe games are fun and the pool tables are nice (they're the big tournament style/size, not the shitty bar-room, tiny pool tables).\u000a\u000aThat is all.  :)\u000a\u000a(the pricing is based on my recent trip.\u000aWe shot pool for a few hours, I had a bar tab (that wasn't out of control) and my night ended up costing me $60
p567
aVI love Dave and Busters!!  It is a great place to go when you are wanting to have a great time with a great group of friends.  If you find you and your friends bored on a Friday or Saturday night, come to D&B and win some prizes!!  It is pricey though, so bring some major moolah
p568
aVDave and busters is the best place to eat and play games. There is many fun games and prizes to win. I highly suggest if you want to plays games, go Wednesday when all the games are half off. Food is pretty good and a nice bar. The downside is that the booze is pretty pricey.
p569
aVWhen did Dave and Buster's become a daycare?? Everywhere you look, there are signs that say kids must be accompanied by an adult, but apparently no one was honoring that at 6PM on a Saturday. I couldn't even walk through the place without someone shoving me. AHHH!\u000aI get that Dave and Buster's is an arcade and that you're going there to play some games, maybe eat, and kill some time. When I last went there a few years ago, we there for my bachelor party, and while I'm sure we got into some shenanigans, I don't remember children running wild there. We were having adult beverages, playing games, and having a good time. This time, it was ridiculous. It isn't Chuck E. Cheese, yet that's how parents seem to be treating the place.\u000aOn top of that, the customer service sucked. The place is gigantic, with tables and serving areas everywhere, yet on a Saturday at 6PM, the hostess told us (after interrupting us three times to chat with the other hostess) told us it would be a three hour wait, despite the fact that there were empty tables all over the dining room. I suspect this is a ploy to get you to play games and spend money until you're table is ready, but the food at Dave and Buster's is not worth a three hour wait on any day.\u000aThe hostess told us we could be served right away if we went to the midway and found an empty table, so we attempted that. Most of those tables were empty with usually one or two adults at a giant empty table filled with coats who informed us that they needed the table because their kids would be back soon after playing games. Next, i engaged in the most rudest thing I've ever done- I began stalking tables where people were finishing up. I would walk up to people paying their check, ask if I could have their table when they were done, and they would inform me that there were already two or three people who asked them and I should get in line.\u000aFinally, we found a table and proceeded to spend two hours eating dinner. It wasn't because we ordered a lot of food- it was that the waiter took forever to bring our food out. He seemed to have no problem getting us fresh drinks, until we drank as much as we could and then asked for water. After that, he seemed to come around a lot less. \u000aI had the build your own chicken tacos, which comes on a giant plate with all kinds of fixings. The fixings were fresh, but the chicken was cold and dry, and the tortillas were dried out as well. For $14, it wasn't worth it. \u000aAfter dinner we proceeded to play games, which entails shoving people to get through areas and waiting in line to play anything. \u000aAll in all, I didn't like my experience at Dave and Busters. I remembered it being a fun place to go and unwind as an adult. but between all the kids and the crappy service, can't recommend this place. If anyone asks me to go back, I may elect to stay home and poke my eyes with a fork.
p570
aVNot a cheap night out you will end up spending money here.  But it is busy fun entertaining and a good time out.  I ate dinner here and the food was great i also played pool and the arcade games.
p571
aVMy friend and I both had Friday off so we decided we wanted to do something more interesting than just hit up a bar on Thursday night. We settled on Dave and Busters. I went on Facebook and printed off a coupon for buy $20 get $20 in play free (we split the card, it took us about 1.5-2 hours to get through)\u000a\u000aThe games weren't *quite* as fun as I remembered, but it was still a good time. The place was far from crowded, and when a machine was out of tickets, it took us a good deal of time to find someone to assist us. When we did, the team at D&B could not have been more accommodating. To apologize for our wait they swiped us in for several games as well as gave us a handful of tokens for the game we were playing. \u000a\u000aI think a lot of companies (I'm looking at you, American Airlines) could learn a lot from D&B. It cost them virtually nothing to swipe us in for games, but it made our experience so much better.\u000a\u000aDrinks are half-price after 8 or 9, my Tropical Mojito was awesome! My friend and I are definitely planning on going back on a Wednesday for half-price games AND half-price drinks.
p572
aVDave and Buster's has to be split up into separate experiences to rate it. \u000a\u000aDining: 2 stars\u000a\u000aI had a party of 20 coming in; I had called ahead of time, and arrived early. They immediately set up the table while about 4 of my friends and I waited; the hostess, after taking my name, never spoke to us again. She did not tell us when we could sit, how long it would be, or any other information. And then they made us wait for 75% of our party to show up before they would seat us. Mind you, there was no one else waiting, and the table was ready, and we were ready to order. But they didn't tell us this; I didn't even know why we were being forced to wait until I heard a supervisor whispering to the waitress about making us wait. I still have no idea why we were forced to wait. \u000a\u000aWhen my full party was finally seated, we were helped by two waiters who were perfectly polite and nice. BUT, our service was rather haphazard. People would order drinks and food, and get things at wildly different times. One person was done eating appetizers and drinks when another was just getting their first drink. I know there was chaos to a big party, but it got a little out of hand.\u000a\u000aThe food is pretty standard American chain food, comparable to Appleby's and Chili's - not offensive, but nothing to knock your socks off. It has a decent selection, and a few good desserts and appetizers, and everything was competently prepared. Overall, it is a fine enough meal for a large group before going to enjoy the arcade at fairly reasonable prices, but some of the service standards are poor. In the future we will probably eat at one of the other restaurants in the area and then move over to D&B's for games.\u000a\u000aBar: 1 Star\u000a\u000aDrinks are predictably expensive, but there is a wide variety. The problem is that about half of them don't even kind of resemble what is on the menu, and most don't have enough alcohol to even taste. Worse yet, while you can get a drink at the bar in the arcade, the staff is either completely non-interactive or just rude. You have to track them down, and then have a minimum of interaction before they stomp off like you ruined their life.\u000a\u000aArcade: 4 Stars\u000a\u000aThere are a lot of great games here to play, and many that are fun with groups or pairs. It is a great place for a large party, because you can mingle with all your friends playing many different very fun games. If you are a couple, there are also many great selections that everyone enjoys. The staff on the floor is helpful and fast to fix games that have problems, and are typically polite. The ticket prizes are cheap as expected, but kind of fun, and the people in the ticket shop were always nice and quick to help.\u000a\u000a\u000aOverall: 3 Stars\u000a\u000aIf you want to hang out here, I would suggest eating somewhere else, and then playing games and having fun here, but only order beer at the bar and don't expect a smile.
p573
aVChuckie Cheese for grown ups...Yeah, that could sum up my review for sure (but I'll try to make it a bit more interesting than that).\u000a\u000aFirst let me say that this isn't my first trip to a Dave & Buster's.  Second, I actually experience all of it while here.  We will start with the food/service.  Staff, you were wonderful.  You were polite, you greeted us as soon as we walked in the door, gave us no qualms while ordering and were swift with your delivery.  Food, you were not wonderful.  I ordered the BBQ chicken breasts.  This came with a side of broccoli and their type of mashed potatoes.  The chicken was a bit dry and in some places you can tell it was left on the grill a little too long.  There were actually some bites that all I could taste was charred meat.  There wasn't enough BBQ sauce on the the chicken either.  The broccoli appeared to have been cooked prior and then thrown back into a pan to be seared.  Some of my broccoli actually had some burnt crisp areas on it.  Also I noticed that there were still some leaves left on the broccoli.  The mashed potatoes I wanted to like (which I hoped would be the best part of the dish, I'm a bit of a potato freak), but alas, I was let down. *sad face* They were cold and such a tiny portion.  With a tiny amount of shredded cheese and bacon but into that divot they made with the scoop to get it out of it's container.  Oh food, how if I didn't need you to survive, I wouldn't complain about you.\u000a\u000aThe building right now is in disarray.  They are in the midst of a remodel with lovely plastic curtains covering up certain sections of their dining area.  No bar out in the dining area right now and the pool tables were absent as well.  If you wanted a drink you had to go back into the game room.\u000a\u000aSpeaking of the game room, by far the best part.  With the meal I ordered I got the $20 play card (the best part of the meal, super charge it for $3 more and it's even better).  The game room  you can tell is in need of an update.  The carpet is worn and other signs of wear are noticeable as well.  One good thing is the games.  They change them up so often that there is always something new once you return.  Who knew that playing Connect 4 could be so fun, or for that matter Skee Ball rises to the top of my list to play.\u000a\u000aI will return again, but only after I eat elsewhere first.
p574
aVNot really sure what to add.  So I'll bullet point my experience.\u000a\u000a- Expensive poorly made drinks\u000a- Friendly but slow service\u000a- Ok food considering (Had the Philly Steak and Cheese)\u000a- Over run with kids before 10 that seem to have zero adult supervision\u000a- 15% of the games were out of order (Air Hockey, Big Bball Game, 1/2 of the skee ball, random other arcade machines)\u000a- Expensive games\u000a- Fun time overall with the wife.
p575
aVMediocre service. COLD food! Our food waited so long the lettuce & pickles wilted. Bland food. Crazy overpriced. Long waits in the arcade. 1 beer per hour maximum.  Avoid at all costs. Fair manager.
p576
aVNot being from the area, I traveled an hour to come here from Uniontown, PA. I was excited! I haven't been to this Dave and Buster's since I was younger and was ready to go back and play me some games! I went with my cousins, mind you, we hadn't ate all day and were very hungry. So, we decided to do the Eat & Play Combo, naturally. Here's where it gets bad. First of all, we get a very snobby hostess that shows us to our table. Then, we wait...and wait...and finally after about 25 mins we get a waitress. Her name was Ashley. We had plenty of time to decide what we wanted, so we quickly put our order in. Next, we were sitting and talking, waiting, we had empty glasses and our waitress had never even come around to see if we needed refills except for one time. She said she'd come back right away with our refills...yea, right. 20 mins later we get our refills. Mind you, our food still hasn't came yet. I see other people getting their food that had come in after us. I was frustrated. After waiting 45 mins for our food, I asked to speak with a manager. One of the servers who I asked replied rudely with "Well, he's really busy right now. I doubt he'll be able to come out and talk to you". Finally, 15 mins later...that's one hour, folks. We get our food. What do you think the next problem was? Yep, the food was cold. I was completely fed up at this point, and told my waitress how disappointed I was, especially after driving one hour just to have this terrible service. The manager never came to speak with me, and we didn't even receive our meals for free. The only compensation we got were $10 game cards. Woopty-doo. The only thing good about this place is the games, but the prizes you get for your tickets are all junk and worthless. So, in conclusion...I DO NOT RECOMMEND THE WATERFRONT DAVE AND BUSTERS OF HOMESTEAD, PA. It was horrible, and I will not be returning for a very long time!
p577
aVThis place just plain sucks\u000aBad management lost them biz\u000aDumb arcade drama*\u000a\u000a* they have recently changed their under 21 policy so no one underage can even be in the arcade or restaurant after 10pm despite having a guardian over 30 years old
p578
aVFirst time at Dave & Buster's and although I didn't go for the games, I was slightly disappointed. I went with a group of girls for dinner and drinks. The service was slow but the food was decent. The portions were huge but they are priced slightly higher than the average chain.       \u000a\u000aWe went before 9 pm and there were a ton of kids there on a Friday night. I do suggest if you want to avoid the children to go after 9.
p579
aVDAVE & BUSTERS!  It's a nice place to eat, have fun and drink!!  All ages can enjoy this place.  I was so EXCITED to hear them announce that after 10p, all children whether accompanied by a guardian or not had to go!  It made for a nice evening for adults only.  \u000a\u000aEverytime we go whether we play or not we enjoy ourselves.  I didn't give it FOUR STARS because every time I've went I haven't been able to eat in the restaurant area of there.  I know I still get the same food that everyone else does wherever you sit.  Sometimes, I like the nice relaxing atmosphere of the restaurant.  I haven't as of yet, been seated there.  \u000a\u000aNot to mention that the servers around the bar, are a little slow at responding to customers as well.  So all in all, D&B's is a good spot to stop at for food and entertainment.  Just don't expect to be seated in the restaurant portion, and expect to wait awhile for food service in the bar area.
p580
aVWas impressed by the new menu and new decor.   Our waitress was nice, knowledgeable and attentive.  However, the rest of the staff was less than stellar.  There was a power outage (less than one minute) while we were paying games (sunny and calm outside so not sure what happened). My family and I were playing a trivia game---we lost about ten dollars of credits and all our bonus tickets when the power resumed.   The games were down for about 20 mins after the outage and staff was not friendly when we inquired about what happened or when the games would be working again.  After the outage, two people in our groups could not get their power cards to work. When we asked staff for assistance they just brushed us off and said we must have been out of credits.  Kinda a bummer we lost so much money on (malfunction) game play tonight.
p581
aVVisiting from Toronto, I was really impressed! The amount of tickets to be won was incredible. We usually got 200 tickets per play on average. Compared to Playdium here, that's awesome considering I'd win at most 10 tickets with the smallest prize costing 100 tickets. The food is great, the place is clean and the games don't feel greasy or nasty from all the food.
p582
aVA fun place and lots to do but a bit pricy. $20.00 will buy you a hundred points which will last you a little over an hour.I recommend the bowling game ,ball racing car game and connect 4 also there are several games that can be played in groups of 4
p583
aVVisited the Dave and Busters in Homestead, PA last night. Waitress mixed up our credit cards and gave my brothers credit card to someone else and he theirs. Charged them already too - both incorrectly My brother had to walk around and find out who it was. Waitress never apologized. GM was extremely rude and refused to give my brother his original receipt back saying they had thrown it out. DID NOTHING TO REMEDY the situation and ignored us the rest of our visit - not even a refill. After spending over $300 plus games, we will never go back. Whatever happened to the customer is always right? HORRIBLE service
p584
aVMy boyfriend and I are in our 20s, and have visited this D&B multiple times. After our visit yesterday, however, I don't think we'll be back. When we arrived we were greeted by a long line of people waiting to buy game cards. At first there were 2 extremely slow workers trying to do this, then one left while the line was still out the door! The girl that was left was more than incompetent, and was taking extremely long to fill these game cards. We stood in line for over 20 minutes before being told that there was another attendant in the actual game room. Needless to say, the line in the game room was just as long, and they still only had one girl in the booth. It was a Saturday! After we finally got our cards we had to wait yet again to get a beer. 2 bartenders on staff while the bar was completely full. It took us almost an hour before we actually could start gaming. The floors were filthy with trash, and the bathrooms: repulsive! I had to use the restrooms twice during our visit, and not only did both bathrooms I used have no toilet paper in them, but there was TP all over the floors, and the sinks were less than cleanly. My boyfriend mentioned that the guys restroom was no better, as it smelled like pee and the paper towel dispenser didn't work. All I have to say is get your crap together. We could see a difference in the type of crowed that was there on Saturday compared to what it used to be, and I'm I have no doubt it's due to the poor service and attention to cleanliness. For how expensive they are they need to staff better on weekends. It's a shame how quickly this place has gone down hill and we will NOT be returning anytime soon!
p585
aVMost of the games were out of order and I had to find one of those referee looking people to fix 2 of them that took some of our credits.  Apathetic service staff all around, the Peanut and I were really disappointed.  Won't be back.
p586
aVehh, 3.5 -- I can't rate it super low because i do smile a lot during my visits. Speaking of that, I've been here a few times, but never wrote a review for D&B. \u000a\u000aI'm a kid at heart and honestly do enjoy the games. However, there have been multiple instances where I swiped my game card & it took my credits, but no game began. There have also been times that I won and no tickets were released. I guess nothing is perfect but it does happen atleast once a visit (each scenerio)  It's hard to find a worker walking around and for half-price games, you kind of just take your loss with the 1.3 credits for skee ball (hmph!)\u000a\u000aThe food- it really isnt anything too fancy. I've had okay food, but super long wait times for a simple chicken fingers & fries for example. It's your basic sandwiches, salads, appetizers & a few pastas. I believe all sandwiches & burgers are around $10 & served with fries.  You can get the Eat & Play deal which includes food from a specific menu + a game card. Besides the game card deal, if you wanted to make D&B a date night you might be better off heading to another place to eat in Waterfront for amazing food.. but to each their own.  Try it once I suppose. The brownie sundae that i devoured last night was satisfying (2 brownies, 2 scoops of ice cream.. one with chocolate syrup; the other with raspberry sauce & fresh strawberries. Oh & whip cream)\u000a\u000aDrinks- pretty weak. We ordered 2 liquid maryjanes (2 each that is) which are filled with multiple shots of alchy & didn't really catch a buzz. Oh welllll. They do have a happy hour from 5-7pm. I'd go during that time for the best deal. I believe cocktails are half off & $3 off  bottles of wine. I've never seen anyone walking around with a wine glass though lol. \u000a\u000aThe prizes- as others have noted, the prizes are a little cheap for the amount of tickets they "cost" However, it's cool to leave with a D&B coffee mug, cup or shot glass. Last night for 2500 tickets we decided on magnetic-style dart board (1,300?) a coffee mug, a D&B glass (our plastic one bit the dust) & a D&B coffee travel mug.. I might be missing a few odds & ends.\u000a\u000aOverall it's a fun time but can be pricey. It's best to head here Wednesday for half price games or get the Eat & Play deal while dining. \u000a\u000aI can't lie though, I find myself smiling ear to ear a few times within those 3 hours (woah, seemed longer than amount of time :D ) Speaking of which, in that time-frame we played 250 credits (cost= $40) but it was half-price games.
p587
aVDave & Busters is a great experience  if you set your expectations realistically and carefully choose when you attend.\u000a\u000aThe main squeeze and I always 1) use a survey receipt for buy $10 get $10 in free gameplay or 2) Attend on a Wednesday during the day (flexible work schedules). We'd never dream of eating there because we like healthy yuppie food. And we only drink cheap drafts OR drink cocktails during happy hour.\u000a\u000aYour visit is largely determined by time of day, expectations and whether or not you eat their food. If you come on a Friday night, the lines will be long. You'll pay $150 for the two of you to eat, drink and play for 3 hours and you'll be left with a very sour taste in your mouth.\u000a\u000aThe staff is really excellent; any issue with a game not paying out tickets results in immediate help and extra tickets or a swipe for a different game from an employee. \u000a\u000aNote the "drinks are weak" reviews. Also notice it was people buying shots and ordering multiple drinks per person. That's typical white trash behavior. Bartenders here are savvy; they mirror the behavior of the guests. All of our drinks have been consistently strong and well put together because we're courteous and tip well. I have witnessed bartenders bypass tattooed, loud guests and address me and take my order first. This is rational, logical behavior. \u000a\u000aAlso note the "prize center games suck" comments. You're supposed to stack tickets over multiple visits and use them on a big prize. Like life, delaying gratification nets you bigger returns. Every other visit I've seen someone walk out with a video game system (Wii, Xbox360 and even a few Xbox One's). \u000a\u000aThe thing about Dave & Busters is the crowd changes depending on day of week and time of day. Sunday afternoon it's all families and Friday and Saturday night it's all drunk 20 somethings. The atmosphere changes and that's why the reviews are all over the place.\u000a\u000aThis review is based on 8ish months of 1-3/monthly visits. Most visits are 5 stars, some are 4 stars.\u000a\u000aUsing survey receipts for Buy Ten Get Ten, avoiding Wednesday, Friday or Saturday evenings (and Sunday afternoon, families) and avoiding the food entirely and drinking cheaply, you'll have a great experience for $25-40/person.\u000a\u000aI really enjoy the staff too, they split the difference between fun and professional. Special shout out to Riley, gave us info on possibly hosting a party there.
p588
aVI still love this place!  I spent my 36th birthday at D&B's and it was a wise decision!  i had so much fun, and so did my guest!  I got a very attentive serving staff, and met up with many helpful servers!  I believe that service has improved, so I bumped this restuarant up to 4 stars!  No five stars yet, because I've still as of yet to eat in the restuarant portion of it!  It's still worth the visit, and is a lot of fun for a reasonable price!
p589
aVThere is good food, but a great spot to enjoy a few drinks & watch sports on the big screens. It's great for adult fun after 10pm. Great for a first date if you like to have a good fun & feel relaxed
p590
aVMy wife and I went here around 10pm on a Saturday night. The food was not spectacular, about the same quality that you'd get at an Applebee's or some place similar -- good but not great.  My steak was tough, but my wife enjoyed hers. Staff was relatively unorganized (we ate at a table next to the bar), and had to wait awhile for a server. Food was prompt.
p591
aVAfter having a few 'less than memorable' trips to D&B in years past, my wife and I  decided to go back for a Pittsburgh Happy Hour Anniversary party this past Thursday.  Pgh Happy Hour is a facebook group of friends that like to check out new 'watering holes' every thursday and it's run by a guy that seems to party 24/7 while still holding down a very lucrative full time job.  \u000a\u000aAnyway- Pgh HH was celebrating an anniversary and chose D&B for the location.  The D&B staff set up the back 'pool room' with complimentary,  enormous spread of appetizers with dips and kept refilling them when they got low.  Our server, Carla, was very attentive and friendly- making sure we were aware of the specials and checking back often when our glasses got to the half way point.  The other server back there was working equally as hard but I never got the chance to get her name.  \u000a\u000aI had been here one other time for an organized happy hour for a past employer and remember very similar service but I never got the chance to give them any credit.  I think D&B is an awesome place when you need some space for your next event.
p592
aVOk! Let me tell you about my bad experience first. I went to D&B last night for a post wedding party - which, side note, is a great idea!\u000a\u000aIt was around midnight and the bar wasn't really populated. There were three bartenders and only one was actually making rounds to see if anyone needed anything. The two other bartenders were chatting on the far side of the bar that no one was sitting at. Kind of counter productive if you ask me. \u000a\u000aI stood there for about 5 minutes, which for a busy bar is fine but when I am the only one with my card out then, it just seems a little ridiculous. I made eye contact with the one girl twice and gave her a smile and she literally turned away. I finally had to walk to them to get their attention.  I was standing right in front of them smiling and they didn't ask if i need anything. I finally said, "Are you working?" and they gave each other a weird look. I felt like i was the crazy one. I asked for a beer/got the beer.\u000a\u000aIn between that time, the other bartender brought food over and set it down. She took a fry from the plate (right in front of me) and then served it to someone on the other side of the bar. What the hell! I felt like i was in some grimy bar in out in the sticks - not an established D&B. \u000a\u000aI was just really turned off from that experience. \u000a\u000aThe good is that D&B provides a different type of entertainment when you want to mix things up. I remember going here with my grandparents when I was a kid and it was the best treat ever! We would eat at the restaurant and then spend hours playing games. This place holds some really good memories for me. \u000a\u000aIt's a shame that my experience last night has spoiled the high standards I held for it.
p593
aVIts fun, but much smaller than some of the others I've visited.  Its clean, staff is friendly and its a good way to waste time before a movie. They do have good  food. Gets a 3 stars because I get bored easily at this location.
p594
aVI used to love D&B when it first opened in the Waterfront, but it has gone down hill over the years. The games are not as fun and do not give you as many tickets and the prizes have gotten cheaper in quality. It takes a whole heck of a lot of tickets for you to even get a pencil! The atmosphere is okay but it used to be so much better with the funnest games and diverse groups of people! Now, it is run down and many of the games are app related games (Fruit Ninja) and 3D Experience rides. With such "games", you can't even earn tickets and they take a lot of tokens! Last time I went, back in the winter, many of the games were broken, which made for a negative player experience. I would go to D&B to play some games again in the future, but it is no longer one of my favorite places to go due to the decline of fun games where you can earn tickets.
p595
aVI was here on 10/3 and I have to say this was a horrible experience.  Me and a friend went here to eat and play a couple games afterwards.  It took the waitress at least 10-15 minutes to greet us and by that time we knew we should just order then because we might not see her again.  We ordered and got our drinks and well let's just say we didn't see the waitress again until she was giving us our check (some manager delivered the food to the table).  No refill on my beverage, no how is your food, no ketchup for my burger or fries was offered.  Lots of people running around like crazy and if your understaffed hire more people!  I will not be back again to eat.
p596
aVI recently stopped there with my girlfriend and her kids to celebrate her daughters 21's birthday. I ordered the fish and chips. Don't order the fish and chips unless you want to lube your insides for months. I know I probably got the one that got away and they refried it 3 times. The outside breading was hard as a rock and had no taste. The fish itself was bland. After a few bites I called over the waiter who was very nice and funny and complained by showing him how hard the fish was by tapping the fish against the plate making a loud thud noise. He grabbed my plate and took it to his manager. But before doing so asked if I wanted something else I said no I had lost my appetite. The manager came out looked around and walked right out of the area. I was thinking he would have stopped but didn't oh well. The waiter took my meal it off the bill. I have eaten there before and the food was good. Sometime you just get one that isn't.
p597
aVI'll have a biased opinion of any place like this. What could be wrong with playing old and new school games, drinking, and eating all at the same place? The one thing I can think of is the price. On the surface, this is a pretty expensive place; however, they give a bunch of good deals depending on the time you go, whether or not you "donate" money to the Make-a-Wish Foundation, and if you're lucky when you take a spin on the wheel of prizes! But honestly, know what the deals are before you go to make sure to get the best price available. \u000aIn regards to the games, there's a plethora for your enjoyment. Although it is nice to play games that spit out tickets, the last couple of times I've gone I've gotten 2 hours of arcade games for a very cheap price (Mario Kart, anyone?!). Either way, it's a really fun place that you'll most certainly have a good time at.
p598
aVFirst off, let me say that I find the people who usually work at Dave and busters usually don't care or seem to be angry and hate their job. A friend and I went here and found that a couple of the machines ran out tickets and someone was always there and happy to help. The staff went out of their way to make sure we had a good time. The manager Tony was very sweet and made sure everything was ok. Every staff member we talked to was extremely nice. This is by far the best Dave and busters I've had been to!
p599
aVMy sister and law wanted to go here for lunch so all the kids could play games after we all had some lunch together. This place is huge and was moderately clean except the bathrooms. All of the food looked great on the 16 page menu. When our food came though, everything was below average. They have a huge selection of games for the kids to play, but you pay dearly to play games here. The food is  overpriced and the drinks are drastically overpriced.
p600
aVWe checked in at 7:00 pm on a Saturday with a group of 19 for a birthday gathering.  We were originally told 9:00 pm is when we'd be seated, but that's not the problem, because we were able to play before being seated.  We ACTUALLY didn't get seated until 10:00 pm, only to be told the kitchen was taking 3 hours for people's orders.  Didn't see a manager until after 10:30 pm.  Needless to say, we didn't stay to eat and went elsewhere.
p601
aVOk, we went on a sat night with a large party, 2 hour wait for a table. Fine that's understand then it turned to a three hour wait. Once seated we were told the kitchen was THREE HOURS behind and the wait for food would be three hours. The manger blamed us saying " you came with a large party on a sat night, if you only order apps and not separate  meals, you MIGHT get food in 45 min" really ? It's the customers fault your staff can't handle a sat night rush. The table of 5 next to us waited 3 hours for food, when they got it it was the WRONG food... I will never spend money here again!!!\u000aTo top it off the bathroom had no toilet paper and there was pee everywhere!
p602
aVThis is a really fun way to spend an afternoon. After several visits here, I've found a couple games that are easy to win and score you lots of tickets, and others that are just a blast to play. We did really awesome last time we were here, and their prize room is full of some pretty neat stuff. \u000a\u000aTheir food is not too bad. I've only ever eaten here once, and it wasn't that memorable, but I didn't hate it. I did like that they have a bar, and they had my favorite beer on tap, that was nice. \u000a\u000aLike pretty much any arcade I've ever been to, there are things that are a rip off, and occasionally something won't work properly. That really irritates some people but I figure no arcade is perfect. At least none that I've ever been to. The most irritating thing for me is that some of the games have a call button on them that signals an employee to come assist you, and I kept hitting the button with my leg or something, so every once in awhile someone would randomly appear at my side and ask if I needed help, and I would be really confused. haha. \u000a\u000aWe went here with my husband's family on Thanksgiving, and we had a total blast. The whole place was pretty empty, and I felt really bad for the employees that had to work that day, but it was nice for us!
p603
aVAwful awful. Spent 150.00SERVICE WAS TERRIBLE. Took 27 minutes to even be acknowledged. Really. The only saving grace was the kids had fun and the hostess took AMAZING care of us......
p604
aVChilling with Kimberly Vasil, Mikey & Big Bob for the 96.1 Kiss FM Listener Appreciation Party.  Kiss really knows how to throw a bash- $10 power cards, free t-shirts, megaphones & basketballs, appetizers & n/a beverages...  Apps are flowing & delicious, everybody is happy...  Nice Bash Kiss FM...!
p605
aV4 Stars for the fun factory, games, and all around experience, but 2 stars for the disgusting food and horrible service!\u000a\u000aI was SO excited to come here for my boyfriends birthday. Its always fun to play games, win tickets, and have fun with friends/family. We decided to eat here before we played. I keep seeing commercials for their new menu, so hey it couldn't be bad right? Wrong! Only thing that was really good was the Corona-rita - but that's hard to mess up. \u000a\u000aFirst off, service was horrible. I didn't feel like any of the areas were that packed to make the service so slow, but apparently I was wrong. It took about 15 minutes, minimum, to get our first drinks. At least an hour for our food. I have boneless buffalo wings, which are hard to screw up, so mine weren't bad but they weren't the best. My boyfriend had their Philly Cheesesteak and he couldn't finish it. Was SO salty and just not good. For the price of everything, it was not worth it all. Better off going somewhere else in the Waterfront for food and then coming here to play. You'll save $$, time, and frustration! \u000a\u000aI guess they are also remodeling their price area so for now there is a make-shift area to cash in your tickets. Everything was pretty picked over, which kinda sucked. Overall it was still fun, and I am sure I will be back to play some more games!
p606
aVThe service at the Pittsburgh location was so incredible awful that I actually took the time out of my day to write online how disappointed I was, which I have never done before. It was a Saturday night and as someone who works in a restaurant im very sympathetic when it comes to service. We sat at the high tables in the bar area and we did not get greeted or even acknowledged for 30 minutes. I personally had to get a manager and explain to him the situation and he treated me like I was stupid (maybe because im 17?) Also not to mention the little girl next to me is balling her eyes out because she told her server of an egg allergy she has and they still managed to mess it up and give her food marinated in egg. Last I overhead they are heading to the hospital. I'm not writing this message to be spiteful, I'm writing it in hopes that the future of your restaurant will improve. There's a big difference between service and hospitality and right now this place is lacking both. My best wishing for improvement
p607
aVCan we get a maintenance man?  And a janitor?  And a manager?   No?  Ok...\u000a\u000aI had a good time at Dave and Buster's, but that was based mainly on the company I kept and not the venue.   We went right when they opened for the day, with the intention of playing some pool.  We located the pool tables in an area that looked closed off, so we went to the hostess stand to ask.  She radioed for help, got none, and finally went in search of an answer our question.  When she came back, she said she couldn't find anyone, but a manager would be out to talk to us.   We wait...and wait...and finally just give up and go off to play in the arcade area.   \u000a\u000aAll but one of the card purchase machines were rebooting, and the one we could use didn't work.  It takes forever and finally gives up and directs us to a non-existent ticketing attendant.  So we again go off in search of someone to help.  We flagged down a server, who issued us a card ($56 for 375 tokens) and served us a few cocktails (average prices, though my rum and coke was teeny).   \u000a\u000aAnd we are off to play some games.  About every third game we tried was broken in some way.  Either the token swipe didn't work or the game itself was messed up.   It also wasn't the cleanest place I've ever seen.  They have tables around the place to set your drinks on, but most of them didn't look as though they'd been wiped from the day before (which of course makes we wonder when they last cleaned all the games that germy little kids touch all day).\u000a\u000aOverall, they appeared completely unprepared for opening (computers booting, employees not ready to work, soda gun at the bar not assembled, etc.) and not well maintained or managed at all.  The broken games were sort of comical after a while, but definitely not in a good way.  If you are really looking to do this type of activity, I'd try a different location for sure.
p608
aVOver priced, over hyped but a hell of a time regardless.  I think if you have a big screen tv at home and a wii you could order pizza get beer and have friends over and have the same experience without the price and glitz.  I've yet to eat something here that impressed me.  The arcade is a bit dated but I like playing the big trivia game more than anything (again, you could just invite people over to play trivial pursuit).  The new TV set up is pretty cool, but Dave and Busters is just what it is, an adult Chuckie Cheese not worth more than a visit a year, if that.
p609
aVI've probably only been to 3 Dave & Buster's in my life, but this is probably my favorite one. It's a lot bigger and has more variety of games than the other 2 I've been to, though they pretty much have the same games. The prizes are also better here, and the ticket exchange rate for the prizes seemed a lot more fair too. Definitely take advantage of the half priced games on Wednesdays!!!\u000a\u000aI don't come for the food, since it's very average. With all these good restaurants close by, why don't just eat somewhere else and come for the games?
p610
aVFell asleep last night before I got a chance to do my review this place is pretty cool it's just an arcade with a bunch of games they have a bar & u can order food as well the prizes have gotten better however there a few games that weren't working
p611
aVI always go there to either eat dinner or have drinks .never had a problem with the food or drink.sometimes i will play games there sometimes.the girls behind the counter are very nice even the one guy Brett is also nice.he works very hard from what i can see as well as the girls that work there . even the one girl behind the counter was dressed very nice.when i do go there they do know what i like to eat or drink. Although the restrooms should be cleaned a little more.
p612
aVWednesday's are half off game night. Menu includes some meals that also provide ten dollar game cards. It's loud and crazy but that's what is to be expected. The kids love this place. It's ok. Not my thing but I understand the fascination.
p613
aVim a fan\u000a\u000aI went to this one October 2014. I was in town for my favorite nfl team the colts steelers game. I went to the game and had fun in the city.\u000a\u000aI went on half off Wednesday. I really had fun with the games. im a young man and I like old Nintendo games. I like all kinds of games. the skee ball game acted up.\u000a\u000aI had fun\u000a\u000aI will go back. not to this one because of the miles to far I will go to the ohio one.\u000a\u000aim a fan
p614
aVGreat games and prizes. Amazing food.great way to enjoy your day with your family!!! Super busy place.
p615
aVI ate here for lunch today with my wife and 2 kids. Server was prompt getting to the table, took our order and then disappeared. Our food took 25 minutes yet there was only 4 table with people who were dining. Grilled cheese, salad and a quesadilla shouldn't take that long. Games were fine. Mens room didn't have any paper towels to dry hands with. Huge fail for this type of venue.
p616
aVI have been to Dave and Busters multiple times and i feel its a 2 star place.\u000a\u000aI can say the food quality is sub par.  In my opinion the food prices are expensive for what it is and quality.  They do offer a nice bar,but then again the prices in my opinion are a little higher.  Service isn't too bad, but could be better.\u000a\u000aD&B is a great place for adults for sure, but the prices for tokes or "game play" is a little ridiculous.  Some games charge 6.9 credits to place.  Thats almost saying $1.50 a game and some of those games are addicting where I know most of us keep playing.  \u000a\u000aI also thing D&B isn't the cleanest place either.  The bathrooms near the arcade are always nasty in my opinion.  Doesn't seem like they keep up with it.  To me, thats a big factor in rating restaurants.   \u000a\u000aAll in all, D&B is an ok place to visit, but not a place i would frequently waste my money.
p617
aVWe had our reunion banquet last weekend at this D&B. It was the highlight of our gathering. The room was spacious, well-appointed with tables covered with black tablecloths and set up according to our specifications. The buffet was delicious. The manager, servers and bartender were enthusiastic and attentive. What a wonderful facility.\u000a\u000aKids and adults loved the arcade games. The pool tables were a hit too. We appreciated the roomy dance floor for those who wanted to groove.\u000a\u000aIn the months leading up to our event, special events representative Laura checked in regularly. She, Sean and the managers made sure that our experience was memorable and even added extra touches that made us feel special. Thank you, D&B, for a great experience.
p618
aVThis wasn't the cleanest place. Dirty paper towels all over the women's bathroom. No changing covers on the changing tables to change your Babies. Very disappointed when I came here compared to the other two I've been too. Also they aren't following corporate policy. Which ok, but when I asked about it to one of the managers on the way out, he said he didn't honor the first responders discount like the other stores do. Which ok Is fine, but he had a very sore attitude towards them. Very disappointed in his attitude more then anything.
p619
aVI gave D&B 4 stars because our waiter was very geniune and nice! The place has definitely changed over the years, becoming a very pricey venue. The food was mediocre. The fries were cold and the sliders were subpar, almost like White Castles from the freezer section in most grocery stores. My buffalo wings were rather tough. As for the games, they were mostly the same, but included a lot of the newer 'app' style games like flappy bird. Skeeball and Free throw were still fun, along with the coin drop machines. But, wow, we went through $50 of games really fast. The gift section is full of fun tchotchkes and prizes if you pay enough to rack up the points! Nevertheless, it is still a great destination to celebrate any special occasion with family, friends or coworkers.
p620
aVHad an awesome time here with my hubby the food was amazing but the games cost so much an the prizes where ok but all in all a good time I'll be bring the kids with next time
p621
aVThe food here is awful.  I came with a small group of people for dinner one night before heading out bar hopping at a few places at the Waterfront.  We gave the server the benefit of the doubt because there were about 8 of us, which can be challenging.  I think the long wait time to get the drinks and then the food was due to the bartender and kitchen, but the waitress really tried her best.\u000a\u000aI only gave it 2 stars because I liked my mac and cheese.  Everyone else at the table hated their food.  They all had sandwiches or other dishes.  The one girl resorted to eating only the toppings off her sandwich because the bread was too hard to bite through.  The kitchen probably made her sandwich right away and left it under the heating lamps for 40 minutes while preparing the rest of our table's food.\u000a\u000aI was tempted to stop and play games for a couple minutes, but after my husband came out of the restroom he told me how about 5 other guys walked out of the restroom as well that had not washed their hands and immediately went over to start playing games.  All I have to say is no thanks.
p622
aVThe food was good but we Waited an hour for our drinks then 1.5 hours food then an hour for our bill. Won't be back! Not busy at all so not sure what the problem was. I'd hate to be there when they are "busy".
p623
aVWorst service I've ever had! we waited for over an hour for our food. After the waitress walked by 6 times without saying a word or refilling our drinks we got a manager who had her come by and apologize and give us a round but never said a word about our food. And told us her help never showed up. We waited another 30 mins for our food before we asked for the check for the 2 drinks we got. We left and nothing was even said about why we never got our food. No apologies nothing. While sitting there we noticed 2 other parties walked out as well. They didn't even get their drinks.\u000aI would recommend that if you go there never sit and eat. Drink play games fine. I will never order food there again.
p624
aVWent to Dave and busters to eat.... NO FOOD. Went to Dave and busters to play.. NO GAMES. Then I thought I'd wet my whistle with a cool glass of H2O..they even RAN OUT OF WATER... Some lady even yelled at me in line to purchase game tickets accusing me of cutting line. SUCH HOSTILITY. dave and busters? More like BEAVIS & BUTTHEAD. SMH
p625
aVThis is a place I'd go to just for the games. The food was bad. I had the chicken sliders and there was two pieces of wood in the sandwich which I found in my mouth. Granted the manager did take off the price of the sliders but everyone's fries were lukewarm. My sister got the chicken fingers and wow, there was zero flavor or seasoning on it. The bathrooms smelled like stale urine and the floors were very sticky. The waitress was nice but overall i wouldn't dine here again.
p626
aVI was sad to see of the bad reviews below because I love D&B. However, I was just there this weekend and has dinner then went to the midway. The food wasn't bad but our service was overwhelmed so we didn't really have a server, and there were a couple small errors with our order. The bathroom was a wreck, like always. The trash can is always full, floors filthy, and smells strongly of urine. Half of the games I played wouldn't read my card on the first try.\u000a\u000aBartenders were slow & didn't seem to care, except for the manager. \u000a\u000aI'll be back for sure but this place needs some serious staff updating.
p627
aVIf you are under 21 you must be accompanied by a 25 year old. Not only is this a stupid rule, but the staff rudely expressed this and smirked at us because we were under 21. Awful place with rude people.
p628
aVI made the mistake of selecting this place to meet up with my family who were visiting from Florida.  Waited at bar for 20 minutes before be able to order a drink even though there were only 3 other people at the bar. Once the bartender did decide to wait on me, he was very short "What will you have?" and proceeded to give me a a receipt for the amount due before I could order 6 more drinks for the rest of our party??? We eventually left that bar after no one returned to our group sitting at the bar for the following 25 minutes. \u000a\u000aWe then moved onto the restaurant where we waited for 45 minutes for our entrees to arrive. Food was pretty good.\u000a\u000aMoved onto gaming area where approximately 1 out of 5 games were not operating properly. This place has really gone down hill in the past 3-4 years. We will NOT be going back!
p629
aVIf you are here to just play games, then its a great deal of fun, and is also a fantastic place to catch a sporting event. \u000a\u000aIf you are here to eat, maybe try somewhere else. I have tried eating here on several occasions and find that it is for the most part terrible. Nothing tastes like it is fresh at all. I would guess everything is delivered frozen and then either deep fried or heated in a microwave. I can't think of any meal I've ever finished here either from being bland or just plain lousy. Even my 11 year old, who loves wings and chicken fingers (2 staples here) thinks the food is terrible and refuses to eat here, even though he loves to play the games. \u000a\u000aMy advice, eat somewhere else then head here to play.
p630
aV4pm on a Friday afternoon and I got turned away for being 8 days under 21 I had no intention drinking and there was all of 4 people in the place even if I was 21 I would go to rivers downtown it's not like they can put a wristband saying I'm 20 or anything.
p631
aVworst service wver i asked for someone to come over 3 times and we sat at a table for 20 minutes while a whole swarm of servers were just walking around passing us. not to mention alllll the tables in the whole game room were dirty. even managers saw us sitting there and didnt bother to greet us. drinks took forever too and it wasnt busy at all the bartenders didn't care much they stood there for awhile. we will still go here just not try to eat. they need some structure in the work atmosphere.
p632
aVMy sisters and I have always gone here together by ourselves. I am 18 and my sisters are younger than I am. As we walked in, they would not let us go in unless we were all 21, if we were not 21 we had to be with someone 25. \u000aI called the manager & he told me that it has always been a rule, even though the website says 18. Which I was, and I was not allowed in. The manager ended up hanging up on me. \u000aThey have turned something for teenagers into a place for adults. \u000aI am extremely disappointed in how the staff and manager delt with this and will not return to this specific Dave n Busters.
p633
aVHad fun playing games and drinking here! Lots of games and prizes. Great atmosphere including a DJ! \u000aOn a side note, some creepy middle aged man came up to me and my wife asking if he gets us a certain amount of tickets on a game (which we had to pay for) then we buy him an alcoholic beverage. What in the world is wrong with this man?!?! Couldn't find any management workers to advise so we just walked away and avoided him for the rest of the night.
p634
aVGames are okay. However, this place is highly unhygienic. they don't clean any silverwares, plates etc. Avoid eating or drinking anything here.
p635
aVThe service was terrible. Games are games at any Dave & busters but service makes or breaks this place. I understand it was busy tonight because of the fight, but that's no excuse for rude employees... Especially multiple employees, hostesses, waitresses, and bus boys. The manager on the other hand was great and gave us a very reasonable explanation for a server being very rude. Either way, on a Saturday night, I wouldn't recommend going here.
p636
aVWe do not generally come here, as it is somewhat of a hike from our home, but we decided to wander out this way today. Last time we were here, we were not pleased, but today, we had a much better experience. \u000a\u000aThey had a ton of new games, which is a bonus! All of them were working too.....double bonus! I think they are a bit expensive, but it was a treat to go, so we didn't mind spending a couple of extra bucks.\u000a\u000aAfter playing out the credits on our card, we decided to have a late lunch. The menu is quite large, but has a great selection. Our server, Kiara, was wonderful! You could tell she was stressed out from her day, but she was very pleasant. We are pretty easy to take care of and you could almost hear the sigh of relief she gave when we told her to take her time and were ready to order when she was able to make it back from another table.\u000a\u000aThe restrooms were gross and the hostess stand was filled with confused girls who couldn't have cared less. The prize room was so empty of prizes, we decided to keep our points for our next visit.\u000a\u000aWe will be back, we will ask for Kiara to be our server, and hopefully we will be able to find prizes worth taking home!
p637
aVNina the manager and Ashley the cashier extremely RUDE. refused to give me back change from kiosk malfunction. made me leave because I was with my girlfriend who was 20 and I was 23. supposed rule about someone under 21 needs to be with someone 25. rule is in about 3 size font. highly recommend that no one ever goes here.
p638
aVWorst service ever and all of our food was either cold or not what we ordered. Waited over a hour for our food as well. Our service was awful as well. Bathrooms were so disgusting and un-kept. I don't think I have one good thing to say about this place.
p639
aVDave and Busters is a nice franchise to be able to enjoy arcade games for a more mature crowd. Defiantly enjoy coming here every time my friends and I do. \u000a\u000aCons: \u000aFood - food isn't very tasty, feels "generic" and not worth the $ listed for it. \u000aBathroom - no, I don't go out of my way to down star a place for their bathrooms but this is ridiculous. Toilet paper everywhere, sinks/floor covered in water, and no paper towels? \u000a\u000aPros:\u000aAtmosphere - nice place to come grab a drink, watch a sporting event, or meet new people. \u000aGames - who doesn't like game? They have a ton of variety from hoops to racing. Afterwards (if you're lucky) you can redeem tokens at their reward store.
p640
aVI've loved coming here since it first opened as part of the Waterfront shopping development, and I'm always up for a game of skee-ball!  The Pittsburgh D&B location is recently remodeled, so if you haven't been there in a while, do yourself a favor and check it out.  They've expanded the dining areas and added new, modern furniture, there are more TVs than you can shake a stick at, a menu with something for everyone, and of course... games!  They also recently opened a new show in their theater room -- Pittsburgh magician Lee Terbosic will be performing 2 shows every Friday and Saturday night.  You can even order drinks and food off the menu while you take in the show!\u000a\u000aI went to the opening show this past Friday night, and ordered a chicken quesadilla and a "sno-cone" (hint: this drink isn't one for the kiddos!) to wash it down with.  Both were great -- the sno-cone flavors were just like an ICEE I would get on a childhood shopping trip with mom and dad, but with that added kick of booze.  Hey, I'm not one to complain.  Speaking of added kicks, the quesadilla has jalapenos in it, which I loved!! I love spicy foods and most places just serve a little cup of jalapenos on the side.  These were actually cooked into the fillings and I loved every bite.\u000a\u000aThe show itself was highly entertaining and the crowd seemed to agree -- Lee kept everyone on their toes for the entire 60 minutes.  I can't wait to check out more shows here and flex my skee-ball arm!
p641
aVI know the reason for coming here is not the food, but this was ridiculous. \u000a\u000aThe five of us sat at one of the tables around the bar in the game room.\u000a\u000aWe still didn't have napkins or cutlery when our appetizer (nachos) came, and asked for some, please. She brought a pile of beverage napkins. When we pointed out the problem she went away and eventually came back with....more beverage napkins. It was a little messy, but we managed with our fingers.\u000a\u000aStill didn't have any cutlery or proper napkins when the food came. The woman that brought the food didn't think it was her job to get them for us, and we weren't going to eat salads and pasta with our fingers, so eventually we walked around to hunt up our waitress, who, fifteen minutes after the food, finally delivered the tools with which to eat it.\u000a\u000aThat was also our first opportunity to point out to her that one of us had ordered a salad, and had been delivered a pasta dish, completely unrelated, instead. Fifteen more minutes and she finally delivered the salad that had actually been ordered.\u000a \u000aBut that's not the worst. One of the pasta dishes that *had* been ordered arrived without any sauce, just the naked pasta. We don't know why. Despite pointing out the problem, she never did do anything about that. Maybe she thought it was easier to eat with your fingers that way.\u000a\u000aAnyway, don't try to eat here. Just come and play the games, but skip the food.
p642
aVI went to this establishment hoping for a fun time where i can leave my two children in the car and forget about my responsibilities for a few hours.  At first i enjoyed the freindly environment and enjoyed the attractive waitresses, however things went south fast there were children everywhere and i am not a nice person aroud children when i drink...lol. these kids hogged up everygame the entire night leaving me creating my own entertainment  which involved staring at there young moms and older sisters. I wish there were no kids. After a few hours and a 3 course meal i decided to make my own fun.  I kicked a child off a racing game chair and they precided to cry like a little girl.  She was definitely old enough to understand why she was wrong. After a few choice words with management i will never go back there again and will only lock my kids inside of my car somewhere more adult like seabase.
p643
aVHow ridiculous for an arcade game company to turn away kids. I drove 40 minutes to take my younger brother to Dave and Busters for a fun afternoon but we were denied. Their policy states anybody under the age of 21 must be accompanied by an adult over the age of 25. I'm 22 years old and I don't understand why I can't bring my 12 year old brother to play games. We've gone many times a year for the past 15 years. After todays experience, I will not be going back, whether I am with kids or not.
p644
aVIf they had a negative star would have selected the worst rating. 2.5 hour wait and then cold food served. Did not have enough staff in kitchen and never bothered to provide updates. Bathrooms atrocious. Nothing positive to say other than don't go there.
p645
aVGhetto, the server kept calling me baby all night. Staff is rude. Half the games don't work. The food is the only good thing this place has because it's somewhat unique. I did a survey that was on my receipt and gave my negative experience and it said a a manger would be in touch based on my answers and it's been a week and no call. What a joke.
p646
aVSo I've been coming here for quite a well, and I've always been a fan. Upon entering the restaurant at 6pm on a Friday, our IDs were checked. You have to have at least one person who is 21+ to be seated---this is odd but okay. While we're looking at the menu, a man shows up out of nowhere with a camera asking to take our picture for a keychain--it's free but he's "working for tips". Other than these two odd happenings, the meal was great. I ordered the Fire-Grilled Salmon and it's one of the best salmon dinners I've ever had. I'll definitely return again for games and drinks.
p647
aVApparently it's socially unacceptable to continue going to Chuck E. Cheese after you've reached puberty. This I learned the hard way. Fortunately, the geniuses behind Dave & Busters got my back. Sometimes I just need to escape the stress of adulthood with a few rounds of skee-ball (don't judge me). I can work with the amount and variety of games, but it could definitely be better. I would suggest coming in on Wednesdays for half-price games to get more bang for your buck!\u000a\u000aBe aware of the obnoxious guests. I expect children to be a bit rowdy, but even some adults suddenly forget all socially acceptable behavior once you throw them in the arcade. \u000a\u000aI come to D&B for the games and not the food. Aside from the horrible customer service I've experienced, their food also tastes generic and mediocre.  For the prices they're charging, it is not worth it. Save a few bucks and find a better meal elsewhere.
p648
aVCame here for my son's birthday. Waited 20 minutes for our drinks and an additional 49 minutes for our food. The waitstaff really didn't appreciate having to take breaks from their cellphones to seat/serve us. Had to ask over and over for drinks, water, silverware....etc. I could understand if they were busy, but it wasn't at all. \u000a\u000aI ordered the sirloin, which was poorly kept/cooked. The food wasn't very good at all. \u000a\u000aGames were fun...as always. Eat before you come to play!
p649
aVYou're either going to have the best service of your life or you're going to sit at the bar for an hour waiting for your quesadilla to come out. There is no in between yet 4,000 tickets later I still come back. I see no fun in the casino so Dave and Busters is my adult casino that still makes me nostalgic about my childhood. I enjoy the hoops game,  the top 40 music,  the yummy eats and most of their cocktail menu is pretty darn impressive. I always go for the Passion Fruit Sangria or the Backwoods lemonade that comes with a shot in a mini Solo Cup. They can be pricey after a while that's why I show up for happy hour. If you're into gaming do show up on a Wednesday where all games are half off.
p650
aVWent here with friends on a Saturday afternoon...the dining area was not busy at all...though you'd have thought by the service it was packed full....it took forever for our drinks to come out (which are WAY overpriced)...the food is very sub par for the price, would've been better off eating before we went to play..my entree came out, plate hot, food completely cold. I've never sent back food, EVER, but this was ridiculous. The server takes my plate, and says they would make it right. I did NOT receive a fresh entree, it was put in the microwave and sent back to me. How do I know? The bread and meat in the sandwich was still torn apart, which I did while checking my food the first time to see if it was warm inside. They did however take it off my check, but never giving me a menu or asking me if I'd like to order something else, so my friends at the table gave me leftover ribs and fries off their plates. By the time the server came back so I COULD ask for something else, the table was already done eating, so I just sucked it up and when went on our way to play the arcade.  I highly recommend eating somewhere GOOD, and then just go to D&B to play. \u000a*waitress sucked \u000a*overpriced food and drinks\u000a*very average food quality, though lots of menu choices\u000a*arcade was fun!\u000a*nice location, easy to get to
p651
aVDespite asking specifically for an appointment at the Peter's Township office, they scheduled the visit for Bethel Park which only has physician's assistants, not doctors.  Was then told that they don't have any opening so it was Bethel Park or nothing.  Can't say much for an office that is managed this way.  The lack of empathy was even more disturbing.
p652
aVThe doctors were knowledgeable but the staff at the call center was rude and not accommodating. It was also not convenient to get an appointment. I waited an hour and a half to be seen when I was the only patient in the office. The drug reps came with food so I guess patients don't matter.
p653
aVSomeone named Teresa erroneously gave this practice my cell phone number.  The staff from this practice repeatedly called my cell phone over the course is a week to ask for this person, even after I told them each time that they had the wrong number and tried to clear it up.  Worse yet, when I POLITELY told the staff member each time about the problem, they RUDELY slammed the phone down and hung up.  The staff at this practice needs a lesson in professionalism and courtesy, and needs to mark their file to indicate that they have a wrong number listed.  Don't take it out on the person they are incorrectly calling.
p654
aVFresh and good...but I was starving.  I will obviously be returning since I have such a favorable memory.  I must say, though, my spicy chicken sandwich was fresh-out-of-the-fryer hot and very crispy while my bun was toasted.  The french fries were also fried to an artery clogging perfection.
p655
aVThis is the Wendys that made me never want to eat at Wendy's ever again.  To think I gave it a second a third and even a FOURTH try!  I guess convenience gets dollars but after so long, you'll stop getting mine.\u000a\u000aThe employees here are always fighting when you go in about shift changed and duties and the attitude carries itself right over to the register.  The management isn't any better telling me to go somewhere else if I don't like it then.  This place is the reason people scoff at giving $15 a hr to fast food employees.  The frosty is never frosty always runny.  The burgers are slapped together and the dining room looks more like a daycare after a long day than a place you would want to sit down and eat.\u000a\u000aThe only good thing about this place is the exit so you can swiftly leave and never come back.
p656
aVTried going twice. Twice i got a " were closed" i said i thought you were open till 1? "Nah" it was 12. I thought Wendy's advertises that they're open until 1? Like thats their commercial campaign. Guess not. Cant rate the food cause i haven't received any. I would have loved to try. But since its 1210 guess they are closed. Don't worry Wendy's. Maybe you should add 100+ sodas to this location but don't worry i wont have any from this one or any. I am done w this franchise.
p657
aVIt took an hour to get our food when everyone else got their food in five minutes. They forgot two of our drinks and one of the employees said a cuss word infront of a child.
p658
aVBest wendy's in pittsburgh! it does have competition with White Oaks but thats besides the point. I went in here earlier today and they are fast, they are neat and clean and the staff is friendly. The manager even helps the elderly and speaks with customers like they are friends. Job well done in my book. Plus can't beat the fries are always hot. Keep the work up guys!
p659
aVWas in there today again and the service is excellent. Is this a chica fila or Wendy's I can't tell the difference except for the menu. Cashiers will bring your food to you. Manager actually has respect for the customer instead of ignoring them. I love it!
p660
aVThis wendy's is awesome!  I got the 4 for 4.  The cashier was so nice.  She let me trade my drink for a frosty, no charge, and she stacked overfull but not messy.  My food was ready when I was and it was quality food for great value!  Their chicken nuggets are the freshest I have found.
p661
aVSo I'm doing laundry on a lazy, rainy afternoon and just before I'm about to snuggle in for a nap, I go down to the basement to put my laundry into the dryer and found the basement floor covered in raw sewage.  So, its Friday night, 5pm....yeah right...who's gonna even bother answering?  These guys did.  Ed was here in about an hour.  He was very professional (he even put booties on his feet before coming into the house), explained exactly what he was doing and described what the problem was and how to prevent it from happening in the future.  And guess what!  He CLEANS TOO!  Now, back to my laundry....what a way to spend a Friday night.
p662
aVI can't say enough good things about these guys.  I swear, when it rains it pours...literally. I went down to the basement and discovered water all over the floor and a spray coming out of a water line and shooting to the ceiling. I've had way too many "oh shit" moments like these this summer. This time, the saddle valve connection for my ice maker burst. Thank you again to Rdn Plumbing for rescuing me and installing the proper type of valve. As always, you guys were prompt and professional. :)
p663
aVGetting a new refrigerator installed can be daunting. The delivery man could not hook it up unless the water line was on same floor. RDN  was here  while the delivery man was still here. So far, so good, right?  Even though RDN had to go back to the shop to get the correct part he came right back. Job well done. The next morning the water dispenser was only giving us a small trickle so I called for help again.  RDN was here in fifteen minutes. The installer had not blown air out of the filter first. RDN  did it.\u000aKudos for great, caring service.
p664
aVGot a good quote for some kitchen sink drain and laundry plumbing updates and had them come back and do the work the next month. Fast, reliable, and great work done. Very happy with both the quoting process and definitely the work that they've done.
p665
aVWe used rdn plumbing who was recommended by aha (american home shield) to help fix a clogged drain.  A guy named Justin came and helped us.  After he left the drain was unclogged but the pipe below the sink was leaking.  We left the country for vacation and have been swamped in construction afterwards.  We called aha for a recall to have rdn come back and fix the leaking pipe. I woke up at 830 am to justin screaming (and i mean screaming so loud that i was alarmed in bed with earplugs in).  He was questioning my husband about why we waited 3-4 weeks to call it in.  After my husbad explained that we were out of the country he implied thAtmy husband messed with the pipes himself.  My husband stayed calm and told him that he just needs to fix the problem from not putting pipes back together correctly.  THEN my husband askd if he could call aha and see if the leaking faucet would be covered.  He went out to his truck and called and then came barging back in with a wrench and started fixing the faucet by literally turning the wrench twice.  He told my husband while turning the wrench that it wasnt covered.  My husband tried to get im to stop because he only wanted to know if it was covered.  Justin freaked out again and wrote up a whole new work order.  He gave us the bill and stormed off.  The even wrote on the statement "i am not going to be told how to do my job".  I have never seen a temper tantrum from a so called professional in my life.  I als would like to add that i have NEVER left a 1/5 stars for any service professional and we are no strangers to house remodeing.
p666
aVHot water tank burst in the middle of a shower, had to go to work shortly after. Got to work frustrated knowing this is really going to cost me. Remembered I had a home warranty and I called them up to see what kind of situation I'm really in, they said no issue and contracted RDN to me. Nick? I believe it was arrived promptly this morning from RDN, was extremely professional and was more than generous with information regarding the draining of the tank on a bi-yearly basis (something of which I did not know to do). He was polite and cleaned up after himself. They alleviated my issue and made me very happy. They're a little out of my range for basic needs as I live roughly 40 minutes from Homestead but I would HIGHLY recommend them to anyone. Awesome folks.
p667
aVThis morning our water heater broke all over our new carpeting in our basement. I called our home warranty company and they said RND Plumbing would be here between 9-11. Ed from RND arrived promptly, introduced himself, asked us a few questions and got right to work. He had to leave to purchase the new tank and came back in a timely manner. He was very careful not to dirty our carpeting when taking out the old tank. Ed was very professional, friendly and he helped to put my mind at ease during a stressful morning. He explained how to maintain the new tank to make it last longer. I highly recommend RND Plumbing and Their technician Ed! He certainly exceeded our expectations!!
p668
aVThese guys are on time and professional, and that's what matters most.  I've used them twice, and I'll never call anybody else for my plumbing needs again.
p669
aVOrdered pizza and wings from here with delivery.  The pizza was pretty decent but the wings were just so-so.  \u000a\u000aThe prices were pretty good and delivery was quick.  I'll definitely order pizza from here again.
p670
aVIf there was a way to give no stars I would. Horrible service. Was given a time frame or 45-50min for delivery, after waiting an hour we called and was told food was on the way they sent the delivery guy out with 6 orders. After another 30min we called back and was told pizza was still there because they ran out of part of our order. They said they'd bring it right away. Waited another 20min we live about 1.5 miles away from the place still nothing. So we called back and asked for our money back. They never once apologized and every phone call they were trying to talk to another person about a whole different matter. And oh since we used a card it's going to be 3-4 days to see the refund. At least pay cash so when they don't show you know you won't be ripped off at least.
p671
aVIf you want terrible pizza go here. Save money go buy a frozen pizza and it will be better than this place
p672
aVOrdered a hot sausage Parmesan hoagie ,fried zucchini and a cheese steak hoagie, NONE of which were edible.  I cannot believe still how bad they were, this establishment should stick to pizza only! Not worth one star!! Yuch!
p673
aVThis joint is recently under new management, so we decided to give it another try tonight, and I am pleased that we did. We ordered pickup and the food was done by the time I arrived at the estimated pickup time - no waiting around!! Brought home a calzone, pizza, and garlic knots. Everything was super tasty, good quality ingredients, piping hot. Great value for what we paid. Definitely our new favorite pizza joint in Munhall!!
p674
aVHorrible beer, horrible service, horrible menu
p675
aVSUMMARY:\u000aIf I was in the area and no one had a better suggestion for where to go, I might come back for beer and appetizers.\u000a\u000aGOOD:\u000a- Decent beer...\u000a- Original pretzel appetizer.  You take chunks of soft pretzel and dunk it in spinach cheese dip.\u000a- Huge portions.  Most of us had leftovers.  The RB Appetizer Sampler was multi-story and way more food that we could handle.  The half order of ribs looked like a full rack.\u000a- Attentive service with quick seating and frequent drink/water refills.\u000a- Amusing name.\u000a\u000aBAD:\u000a- Lots of food choices... burgers... steak... chicken... salads.  Lots of drink choices... beers... wines... mixed drinks.  I guess this could be seen as good, but it takes a while for everyone to pick something and since no one's awesome at everything, you could tell right away that nothing distinguishes this place.\u000a- None of the food was super awesome.  Nothing was awful, but nothing stood out in any way.  I've had better beer, appetizers, and a better main course at plenty of breweries.\u000a- Kind of dead on a Monday night with 3/4 of the place empty.\u000a\u000aCome if you want bar food, but keep your expectations low.
p676
aVI am a big fan of Rock Bottom.\u000aThere are several dishes that are MONEY.\u000aAppetizer:  Seared Ahi, Spinach Artichoke Dip\u000aEntree :      Fire Steak, Pub Tips or Chicken Fried Chicken.\u000aDesert :      Carrot Cake (to die for)\u000aBar food:     Pizza or ball park pretzels.  Both of which are sprayed with brown ale.  \u000aHalf the menu is really good, the other half is great.  \u000aThe beer is good.  Ask for the sampler!  They usually have a velvet and something on cask.  Ask for one of those if you are looking for something different.  They will also have a scotch ale, an IPA, whiskey stout or other specialty depending on the mood of the brewer (which, if its still Matt, the mood is GRUMPY).   If Andy is still working there, he is sure to please and Molly is great in the cocktail area.\u000aHead over to Sing Sing after dinner and its a wrap.\u000aI used to work there several years ago and I make it a point to hit every RB I possibly can.\u000aDon't go to the one in Charlotte though, its not really a Rock Bottom.
p677
aVI thought this place was pretty decent. My friend and I were both still reeling from thanksgiving dinner so we ordered salads... and they were HUGE. and tasty. I liked my salad though it was slathered in way too much dressing. My friend's was even more slathered so she didn't dig it too much. We'd also ordered chips with guacamole, the guac was pretty good. my friend enjoyed her beer. I enjoyed my coke (I know, I'm lame).\u000a\u000aso yeah... wasn't bad, wasnt the best, but it was okay.
p678
aVMicrobrewed beers are only a plus to me when they're better than the beer I would have drank otherwise.  One waitress I had while there tried to split the uprights between macrobrew and trendy by describing one of their beers as "kind of like Coors Light".  If I wanted Coors, I'll pay half as much and have one.  \u000a\u000aThe food is actually a saving grace, as it was pretty good.  Head next door to Sing Sing for drinks, though.
p679
aVNot the greatest ale house in the city but certainly not the worst.\u000a\u000aI like the food and I have tried all the beers.  They're just "OK" as far as beer goes.\u000a\u000aLarge portions. Friendly staff.
p680
aVMy friends got everyhing from steak(they didn't even get a well done steak right) to mahi tacos and the only great menu item was the seasoned vegetables- give it a miss. Sing sing next door is awesome but get dinner somewere else. After we were done the waiter asked if we were ready for the checks and I had ordered meal that came with a desert! Really dissapointing all around.
p681
aVeverytime i come here i stick with the nachos add chicken add side of guac and i've never been dissappointed.  i sit in the bar, grab a drink or 2 and eat those nachos.  the bar has a pool table and plenty of flatscreens.  rock bottom is a chain but it's one of the better chains in the area.  i'll pass on chili's or friday's and come to rock bottom instead.  oh and typically i walk over to target - work off some of those nachos.
p682
aVNobody has reviewed this in a while, but I am surprised at the lack of lovin'!  My husband and I ate here a few nights ago and we liked it a lot.\u000a\u000aWe started with drinks--he got the house-brewed Portland Wheat and said it was quite a good beer, and I got a mixed drink (Red Rock) that was also tasty.  \u000a\u000aHe got a burger covered in mozzarella cheese and I got a mahi sandwich.  Both great--the fries and side salads are good here too, and there is no skimping on portions of anything.  There were tons of things on the menu that I'm looking forward to trying.\u000a\u000aWe are usually not dessert people at all but ended the meal sharing a triple chocolate stout cheesecake--who can resist a beer cheesecake, come on!\u000a\u000aOur food and service was great.  They had the Penguins game on all the TVs in the bar and were setting up live music for after the game.  Seriously, what's not to like!?  I'm thinking this place has changed for the better since the last review a year ago... :)
p683
aVThis is literally the first place I went when I first came to Pittsburgh - and I loved it. Hearty, full-sized meals, lots to choose from, and not too crowded or noisy. Although, for the sake of full disclosure, I didn't sit at the bar and I don't drink alcohol so I can't comment on that. I go back to Pittsburgh often and Rock Bottom ends up being a good standby for a dinner and a movie kind of night. Really, I have no complaints about this place so I'm surprised by the few low ratings here.
p684
aVLittle slow on the service and didn't have the beer I wanted on the menu. But you get those things when they brew their own beers on-site.   But the stadium pretzels are good.  The cream stout is tasty.\u000a\u000aThe burgers are good and big with the little skinny fries.  I'm not a fan of the skinny fry, but hey the burgers would choke a horse - and almost did.  :o)
p685
aVLately, the Rock Bottom is hit or miss. The beers are always good and the Uppity Jagoff IPA is one of the best India Pale Ales I've ever tasted. The low point lately has been the food. I will never forgive the idiot in management who took the chicken quesadilla off the menu. That said, I ordered the lobster roll and when it arrived, the bread was as hard as a brick and cold. The filling was okay, but the lobster flavor was masked by over spicing. I suggest you eat somewhere else and imbibe at the Rock Bottom.
p686
aVPretty good! Excellent beer sampler - bargain!  Veggie burger awesome. Onion rings awesome. Fried Mac n cheese was delicious - crunchy on the outside, creamy on the inside. Carrot cake was monstrously huge and delicious.
p687
aVFirst off, I will say that I just moved here from California and was a big patron at the Rockbottom in Long Beach. I came to the Homestead location last night eager to see the beer at this location.\u000a\u000aNow, Rockbottom is a chain brewery, so a lot was the same... the menu, the food prices (yet beer is cheaper, and I am fine with that). I have always found their food to be pricey, but they use excellent ingredients and it has always been tasty and filling so I am fine with that. The food here was just as good as the Long Beach location, so I have no problem with the chef at all.\u000a\u000aService was good, our waitress was very friendly and helpful. I wish that they had asked us if we wanted to sit in the bar since happy hour was still going, but that isn't a big thing. Went to the bar to get a drink and had to wait awhile to get the bartender's attention, but he was very friendly and I got a nice welcome from him and others at the bar when they learned I had just moved here... I really enjoyed that.\u000a\u000aBeer: We got the beer sampler to try the whole list... and, well... I found the dark beers a bit lacking in comparison. The light beer and the wheat were amazing, very impressed. The pale was ok, as was the velvet pale that was one of the specials of the night... but both were way too citrusy. The Uppity IPA was very good... I don't usually like IPAs because the hops overpowers all flavor but the brewer had a good balance. Still, couldn't do a whole glass. I felt the Imperial Stout had a bitter burned taste that was overpowering... I almost want to say the batch had too much chocolate malt in it (not ice cream malt, for the non-homebrewers). The brown and amber were decent, but bland. I ended up getting an actual glass of the light beer and was able to finish it all without forcing it.... one point up on Long Beach, who had a good light but the aftertaste got to you before the glass was empty.\u000a\u000aI REALLY wanted to try the Das Gut Dopplebock, but they were out. Looks like they will have it in bottles to go soon so I hope I can catch that. Also want to try the Snow Moon Belgian.\u000a\u000aVerdict: While I was not too impressed with the dark beers, I found the lighter ones very good and I look forward to trying the other seasonal beers. It is a good hour drive south to get there, so I won't be going too often, but I will be back.
p688
aVEven since Rock Bottom opened (7 years ago???) I have always thought it was a dance club.  I am not really sure why but I thought it was along the same line as (throw back) Hi-Tops but I did. I think I always thought this place was a club because of the behemoth size of the space. \u000a\u000aWell I was out with a friend and we needed a place to go before a show at the Improv and Rock Bottom was close. \u000a\u000aPart of this is my fault...I always order "healthy" items at places that specialize is greasy bar food...then I am upset when the meal isn't 5 star.  \u000a\u000aI started off with one of their wheat beers, it was alright. I nursed it all through dinner so I don't think I was head over heels in love with it.  I got the Catch of the Day, Off the Hook, Fish Dish, Sailors Delight or something(I forget it had some cheesy fish themed name).  It was cod (meh, that should have been the sign not to get it) with roasted asparagus and lemon rice.  The fish was suppose to be broiled but it had a thick breading (annoyed) and the portion of fish was tiny. The rice and asparagus were great though. \u000a\u000aMy friend got a chicken sandwich which he enjoyed although the fries were pathetic.  The fries were probably pre-cut frozen fries or just very poorly executed.  They were so thin that you have to grab a huge handful just to get any actual potato flavor.\u000a\u000aPros: A lot of tables (no wait), brew special beers, big menu, could hear the dueling piano bar next door\u000a\u000aCons: Place was fairly empty and we got a crappy table by the door when it was 5 degrees outside, most of the food was fried, cheese filled, cream based, or wrapped in bacon.  I know some people love to eat food like this all the time( I do every once in awhile) but if you eat out a lot you can't always get the spin dip, burger, and ice cream sundae.  (I would love to but its just not in my cards). I do like like when causal places offer some healthy options.
p689
aVWent with a group after work for dinner and a brew.  We ordered a few appetizers first.  The wings are good and the soft pretzels with spicy spinach cheese dip was fun.  Had a burger, you can create your own from veggie, turkey, or fresh ground beef. Had a fresh ground beef and the meat was fresh and cooked perfectly with a fresh bun.\u000a\u000aThe brew pub is nice and was surprised it wasn't busier.
p690
aVHere's the trick to enjoying a meal at Rock Bottom: don't get fancy with your food order.  Stick with the sandwiches, salads, burgers, and bar food; and you'll be OK.  I've had bad experience will all the fish dishes (including the fish and chips).  Also, I've found the service is generally better in the bar area than the dinner area.  Join the Mug Club, even if you don't go often, and rack up points for free mugs and beers.  Thursdays are Trivia Nights and the DJ is playing the music loud, so go if you don't really want to have a conversation with the person you're with :)
p691
aVBeer selection was good, but they were out of the ones we wanted. 4 of the 6 people in our group ordered steaks all of them were cooked to their satisfaction. The bourbanzola was a good addition. Defiantly a place I would go again. Joe, our server, was awesome and super friendly.
p692
aVI love this place!  Great atmosphere and friendly service every time I go!!
p693
aVRock Bottom is a nice hangout place. Often when you are out and about with friends you arrive home with no voice from screaming over all of the background noise. Great if your out to see a band, but not so much fun if you actually want to talk to the people sitting around you. \u000a\u000a\u000aDepending on your mood you can sit in the dining area full of booths and tables. It's alittle separated from the main bar area so provides for a semi quiet dining area. The bar area gives you a choice of sitting at the surrounding tables with waitress service or hanging out at the bar itself. Complete with a chillie ice strip to keep those yummy brews cold and the ever entertaining company of your favorite bartender. When the weather cooperates the outdoor patio houses about 6 tables for outdoor dining. The view however...not so picturesque, just the entrance to the Improv. Which hey, that could be the perfect seat if you're stocking the local comics! \u000a\u000a\u000aThe bar area contains pools tables and dart boards to try your skills. On any give night sports fans can enjoy the games of the day on one of the 6 big screen TVs surrounding the bar area. \u000a\u000aThe menu is pretty decent with burgers that are cooked to order with the choice of either steak , veggie or chicken. They have a number of specialty burgers with different cheeses, toppings and creative themes. The bourbonzolla is a tasty burger with a Bourbon based glaze and Gorgonzola cheese. Appetizers which range from nachos to firecracker shrimp. Steaks, pasta and salads with rotating specials from different areas of the menu. \u000a\u000aOn Monday the burgers are half off...I don't think you have to be a member of their mug club to get the special. However, if you are here regularly the mug club is great with free gifts and specials. \u000a\u000ahttp://www.rockbottom.com/MC \u000a\u000aNeedless to say I have a fun beer glass collection thanks to Rock Bottom...LOL! \u000a\u000aNow everyone favorite part about Rock Bottom's Beers! \u000aThe in house brew master keeps it interesting with a rotating variety of frothy yummy to try along with the consistant favorites of Ale, IPA's, Rotating Darks and Kolsch. \u000a\u000aStop by on Thursday nights for a colorful game of trivia where teams battle it out in a game of intelligence and drinking skills!
p694
aVWe've all had this happen to us - you go past a place one hundred times and never go on. Then, once you finally do, you realize how many opportunities you wasted!\u000a\u000aRock Bottom is definitely a solid bar. As a microbrewery, their beer list is full of house brews. There are better beers in the world, but there are a lot of worse beers out there, too. \u000a\u000aWhat really makes Rock Bottom standout, though, is the food. My girlfriend and I shared an order of nachos, and it took everything we had to finish them. They also make a mean soft pretzel. \u000a\u000aThe Waterfront may not be the most convenient thing to do while in Pittsburgh, but no trip to the Waterfront, is complete without a bite and a drink at Rock Bottom.
p695
aVI would have to say I'm pretty partial to Rock Bottom, I have been going almost every Thursday for the past 3 years because of the fantastic "Team Trivia". My friends and I love the atmosphere, the DJ (Todd), and the service that we get at Rock Bottom. \u000a\u000aEvery week when we go a menu is never needed because we pretty much know everything we want on it, except for when the change the menu from time to time and we get to have a special treat with something new! \u000a\u000aAs an avid Rock Bottomer, hands down I have never in my life had a better spicy spinach cheese dip than I have had here at Rock Bottom. Whether I have eaten dinner or not before I come down to the restaurant, my favorite and my food of choice is the ENORMOUS Ball park pretzels with the cheese dip. It is a meal itself! The mixture of onions, cheese, spinach and tomatoes is perfection! \u000a\u000aAnother favorite of mine is the Barbecue Chicken Pizza, it has a great kick to it and it's big enough for two people. \u000a\u000aThe service has always been super great and now since we go often we have developed a great relationship with some of the wait staff. \u000a\u000aA truly great place to have fun with friends and meet new people! \u000a\u000aCome to Team Trivia every Thursday at 8pm!
p696
aVRock Bottom on Thursday nights is the place to be. Team Trivia starts at 8pm and it is free to play. The DJ (Todd) is great. \u000a\u000aThe food is good, but the Ball Park Pretzels with Spicy Spinach Cheese dip is the best. The wait staff is generally pleasant and on top of things, a few servers are excellent. I am not a beer drinking so I haven't tried the microbrews but the mixed drinks I've had have been good and a few of thier specials perfect. \u000a\u000aOn nights that are not trivia nights, Rock Bottom is quiet and a good place for a small to medium party. Larger parties will usually be split into two tables. \u000a\u000aOverall, an enjoyable place at which I am a regular.
p697
aVSo I have not been to one of these in awhile since I normally have an aversion to chain restaurants, but since I was with colleagues on travel for work and they chose this place I went along. \u000a\u000aFirst surprise: decent beer.  I remembered the normal RB Brewery beers were not much to write home about but they had a couple of new styles, including a very good imperial IPA that for $5/glass cannot be beat.  Second surprise: pretty tasty food with a lot more healthy options than I expected.  Recommend the summer salad and the ahi tuna - both were great. \u000a\u000aService was a little slow (not sure why) so a 4-star review is downgraded to 3.5. I'll be back next time I'm in Pittsburgh for work.
p698
aVThe beer is good. Their light beer, Lumpy Dog, is very good-- doesn't taste like a light beer. When I was pregnant I became quite a fan of their root beer floats, too.\u000a\u000aAs others have noted, the pretzels are really good. I'm not a fan of the spinach dip but my husband likes it. Veggie burgers are always good, too, though the staff sometimes seems confused when you order, say, the bourbonzola burger with a veggie burger. Long, long ago, when I used to go to the Rock Bottom in Boston, there was a hot mushroom / sundried tomato / cheese dip on the menu that was fantastic... if they resurrect that I will gladly add another star!
p699
aVI always feel like I am constantly bashing breweries for their food, but in my opinion, I feel the bar is raised for places like this. It seems there are so many breweries out there that offer great beer, and slack off on the food. Unfortunately Rock Bottom is one that falls into that category. Let's be honest, when you go to a brewery, you want the full experience. If it was only about the beer, I'd go buy a growler and take it home. \u000a\u000aSo, about the beer....EXCELLENT!!!!! The Jagoff IPA is with out a doubt one of the best IPAs I have ever had! They only I can think of that I think is better is Dogfish Head, but that's a matter of opinion. The beer selection is constantly changing, and they always have some excellent seasonal beers. You can't go wrong, there's bound to be a beer everyone will like. \u000a\u000aAs for the food.......it's pretty much a crap shoot. Sometimes it's good, sometimes it's terrible. My biggest problem is there is absolutely no consistency when it comes to the food. One time it's perfect, then maybe it's cold, or it's burned, or it tastes completely different from the last time you had it. Unfortunately, it seems there is zero attention to food quality. \u000a\u000aThat's pretty much it. This place fixes it's food consistency, and it's a five star place. Till then, it's hit or miss!
p700
aVI was SO ready to like this place!  Turns out, not so much.  It was okay.  No better than TGIFridays, but better than Eat n Park!  The deets.\u000a\u000aThe hubster and I were here on a Saturday evening after a show at the Improv so we were happy and in a good mood and ready to enjoy some good eats.  We ordered drinks.  He a wheat beer of their brewing, me my fave Bloody Mary with Absolut Peppar.  The hubster deemed the beer acceptable, but wouldn't go out of his way to come back just for another one....yes, he DID order another one "just to be sure."  My Bloody sucked.  Watered down tomato juice with no discernible Peppar of any kind, let alone any other seasonings.  Even a good standard mix would have been better.  Our very efficient and friendly waitress took it back and watched while it was remade by the other bartender.  Nope, no better at all.  That went back and I went with a you-can't-screw-it-up Amaretto sour.  It was fine.\u000a\u000aHub ordered a Reuben - why, I'll never know because they simply never measure up to the gold standard of what used to be at the long-lamented Gazebo in Shadyside.  You younguns wouldn't have a clue of the establishment of which I speak.  He said this one was "fine."  I had the Texas Fire steak with jalapeno butter which I enjoyed very much!  Packed a punch of heat and flavor, but the sides were uninspired.  Steamed veggies.  Any flavor was steamed out in the process - eh.  Cheddar mashed potatoes - there was cheddar in there?????  No way!\u000a\u000aThe tab was reasonable - we DID have a Living Social deal that took $30 off, so our check was for $12 and change, not including tip.  Not bad (even with the $15 cost of the LS Deal), but had we paid full price, it wouldn't have been worth the experience.  We'll hit the Improv again - we have before - but, we'll head somewhere else afterwards.
p701
aVI must admit, I do like the brews.  I also like the white cheddar mash potatoes.  Other than that, meh.  The food is pretty forgettable.  Another "brewery" that sadly fails to be anything special in the food department.  With the restaurants upping the ante on 8th Ave, you may want to kick it up a notch Rock Bottom.  But how would anyone know to?  It's a chain.  Whomp whomp!
p702
aVFor a brewery who is attempting to take advantage of Oktoberfest you wonder how at 7 pm they could be out of mashed potatoes & sauerkraut then a sausage platter with sweet mustard guess they have not been to Germany. Not worth $5.95 unfortunately the sausage platter was $15.95.
p703
aVDined in twice, food ok, atmosphere good.
p704
aVI've always been pleasantly surprised with the food I've gotten at Rock Bottom.  I say "surprised' because with any restaurant that falls into the slippery territory of a "chain", you expect to find your fair share of culinary duds.  But I've really had a lot of good meals at Rock Bottom.  Now, granted, you do owe it to yourself when ordering to not forget where you are (a "bar-straunt" if you will), and don't get anything above and beyond this place's call of duty.  For instance, I will never be ordering the ahi tuna.  I'll leave that to my favorite sushi bars and restaurants a bit closer to the water (the Mon doesn't count.....).\u000a\u000aBut besides that, I always really enjoy my meal choices.  I've recently gotten the chicken avocado sandwich.  Chicken was grilled perfectly, plenty of avocado, and it was a good sized sandwich without being excessive.  I've also ordered the Margherita pizza, which could definitely be split between two people.  It's an eight cut that comes to you on a big wooden pizza paddle.  The pizza was really great.  The crust was crispy, it had a good balance of cheese and tomatoes, and the basil pesto was fresh and tasty.  And not greasy whatsoever - BIG bonus points there.  But my biggest surprise as of late was when I ordered their chicken flautas.  I'm a HUGE Mexican food fan and always hesitate to order Mexican outside of a Mexican restaurant for fear of being disappointed.  But I had an insatiable craving one night and decided to go for it.  It was DELICIOUS.  The flautas are deep fried which gives you an amazing crunch, and they still managed to not dry out the inner ingredients.  The accompanying rice was nice and moist as well.  I was so happy!\u000a\u000aI've always been quite happy with the service there as well.  I go on Thursday evenings for trivia, and nine times out of ten the service is really spot on.  The ladies servicing the bar area are friendly and attentive.  Only once or twice, to my memory, has my service been sub-par, and that can usually be chalked up to an extremely packed Trivia Night with only two visible servers helping 50+ people.\u000a\u000aI definitely give Rock Bottom two thumbs up for taking your typical chain-found food and making it fresh, yummy, and worth coming back for more.
p705
aVI went to Rock Bottom this past weekend, and it was "nice" to see that nothing has changed in the year or two since my last visit. While the beer is pretty good, it has never outweighed the fact that the service isn't good and the food is average, at best.\u000a\u000aIt was even difficult to get beers at the bar...we tried to have the girls order, thinking they'd have better luck...when that failed, the men tried...that didn't work either. If we hadn't REALLY wanted a cold beer after a comedy show at The Improv, we would've just left. It definitely wasn't busy enough to be noticed and ignored by the bartender, so I can't overlook it. Of course, the service has always been spotty at Rock Bottom, so it was hardly surprising.\u000a\u000aCombine the weak food and poor service with Rock Bottom being too far from home for a night out just to drink, and you get the exact formula that's kept me from going there in the past...and will keep me from going often in the future.
p706
aVHappy hour at Rock Bottom, 2 thumbs up!  Good prices, the pizza is delicious, drinks are a few dollars off the regular price, good service, and the atmosphere is always casual and fun.
p707
aVThe only reason Rock Bottom gets 3 stars is because of the brews. Food was "eh", not many vegetarian options and hostesses who will ignore you because they are too busy chatting about who didn't text them back. This place has the potential to be great, but sadly, it falls way too short in almost all areas.
p708
aVWatch the fat girls in here. They will try to steal your buddys chair in a sec if he goes to the bathroom & then the indignent fat girl had to get yelled at in front of everyone w/ in ear shot. Everything else including the burger & beers I devoured was excellent.
p709
aVRock Bottom was our first stop on a 17 mile pub crawl.  As expected, the bar was lively, the food was good, and the service was accommodating,  The beers are better than Church Brew Works and the bar was populated.  The bartender readily offered a taste of beer and gave us a hat to wear for the rest of the crawl.  \u000aI vote for Rock Bottom as the anchor store of the Water Works.
p710
aVI haven't been to Rock Bottom in years.  Maybe even decades...is that even possible?  Well, either way, it's been awhile.  So with my gift certificate I took my brother out for a birthday dinner.  \u000a\u000aAs I get older, my tolerance for things like crowds and youngsters gets lower and lower.  As a result, I told my brother to be ready by 4pm so we could head to the Waterfront before everyone goes out for date night.  Plus the Pirates were playing at 4:05 so we could enjoy our beers and the game.\u000a\u000aWhen we arrived, the bar side was already pretty packed but we were still able to get a table.  Our server was very attentive, friendly and helpful.  Right off the bat we both ordered samplers so we could try all of their beers.  We loved the fact that as she approached our table with a full tray of samples our server said, "I have to go back for the rest."  In all we were served 10 different beers each (in 3 oz glasses, maybe 4 - I can never tell).  I gotta say, Rock Bottom knows their beer.  I liked more than I didn't, and very few were not to my liking.  So the $6.95 10 beer sampler was well worth it.  \u000a\u000aDuring our sampling we indulged on some Southwest Egg Rolls.  They were okay, but not quite what I expected.  The spicy ranch was top notch, though.  As we ran out of beer, we each ordered up a Kobe Burger.  They were both cooked exactly to our liking (medium).  And to top off our wonderful evening, the Pirates brought home a win!\u000a\u000aMy only complaint, as a beer drinker, is the cost for a growler.  The glass container itself is sold for $12.95.  That's the empty price.  To me, that's a little ridiculous when East End only charges $3 for the bottle and Penn Brewery $5.  Paying more for the bottle than the beer inside seems like insanity to me.  So I walked out empty handed.    But it won't deter me from returning.
p711
aVI just came here with some friends to hang out and get some appetizer, and I have to admit that I was pretty satisfied with what we got.  Though I couldn't find any fried pickles or onion rings on the apps section, there were some blue cheese nachos that really hit the spot.  The atmosphere of this seems pretty cool, especially in the pub area.
p712
aVFish tacos were excellent!! Great brewed beers on tap as well!!!!!!
p713
aVI very much enjoyed my first visit here. I got the Turkey Meatloaf and it was really tasty. It's more sausage than turkey. The cheesy mashed potatoes were excellent. The star of the night was the appetizer, the artichoke and crab dip. It was awesome. My only complaint was I ordered a Red Ale and they were out. I had the Curmudgeon instead and it was very good, but still.
p714
aVSlow service\u000aBelow average food \u000aIll pass
p715
aVFirst time I was here I had chicken quesadilla's and they were bad.  We went again last weekend. I had the chicken avacod sandwich.  It was very good.  No fat in the chicken.  Just a mess to eat, but still awesome.   Also had the chocolate stout cupcake, it was amazing.
p716
aVThanks to the staff here\u000aFor being so friendly and\u000aCool with our whole mess*\u000a\u000a*rock bottom allowed our bachelorette party to eat and drink and hang after dave and busters orphaned us
p717
aVIts not bad. I'm not into chain kind of places, but if you're with a group that doesn't do anything more adventurous, you'll do fine here. I vacillated between 2 and 3 stars but the house beer I had will make sure I come back from time to time.
p718
aVWent to Rock Bottom for lunch the other day and was very pleased. My coworker had printed out a coupon for a free mini appetizer. The waitress told us that they were not making mini appetizers and gave us a full sized chicken quesadilla. If you have ever had the southwestern egg rolls from Chili's - the filling tasted like that and I am a big fan! \u000a\u000aMondays are half off burger days and I tried the just hot enough burger - topped with crispy jalapenos, pepper jack cheese, pico de gallo and housemade habanero ketchup. It was delish! The ketchup was so good and the fries were extremely crispy. \u000a\u000aThe prices are a little steep for lunch but if you go on Monday, it's totally worth it. I think that the quality of food more than makes up for it but don't expect for pay under $10 for a sit down. \u000a\u000aI felt that the staff was very nice and the waitress was very attentive. The service was quick and I think you can get in and out in under an hour.
p719
aVRock Bottom is a chain brew pub one that, in my opinion, is just "OK".  The restaurant is rather large with lots of seating and a pool table. They have many of their own brews that you can sample but to tell you the truth none of them are that good. I have had several of their beers and all of them have been forgettable. \u000a\u000aTheir food is pretty much like their beers, forgettable. I have had one of their burgers and their pizza and they really weren't anything to write home about.\u000a\u000aI feel they will impress those who have never been to a brew pub but I would probably describe them as the Chili's of Brew Pubs. If you are in homestead and are looking for a burger and a beer it might be a good choice for a bite, or at least until the Burgatory opens!
p720
aVWent here last night to meet folks for a friend's birthday party. Docking one star due to a few unfortunate things that happened, otherwise I'd be fine giving this place a 3.\u000a\u000aOur waiter was very attentive and kept our water and soda cups refilled, the food was decent overall - I had a plain ol' burger and a delicious berry sangria - and the place overall had a nice vibe to it and was pretty comfortable and fun to be in...you'd think this would just be another average place not-great-but-not-bad and I'd be ready to go on to the next review right there.\u000a\u000aHere's where I ran into problems. I'd checked the website in advance to try and plan my meal since I do my best to pick items on menus that aren't, say, 2,000 calories in one sitting. Their website advertises that they make skinny drinks; when I asked my waiter he said it was possible but that they did not normally do this and that it's a hassle for the people at the bar, so he didn't recommend it. Then why tell us on your website that you'll do it??? \u000a\u000aAdditionally, while we had checked in advance when we made our reservation about bringing a birthday cake and the restaurant's ability to handle us lighting candles, apparently there was a break down in communication; we never got the candles we had asked for, and in fact the poor waiter struggled to even find a lighter before realizing there were no candles available. Obviously whatever error occurred wasn't the waiter's fault, and we definitely thanked him and tipped him well for doing the best that he could with what he had.\u000a \u000aOn a final note, this is also one of those places where if you ask for a medium rare burger, they will overcook it; I've started ordering medium rare on purpose specifically so that I get a medium cooked burger instead of medium well or well done.\u000a\u000aFinal verdict: go for the brews if you must, and the food's nice enough. I was admittedly left a little underwhelmed.
p721
aVMostly come here for the beer and sports. Fun place!
p722
aVNothing special. Just like Applebee's, Chili's or Fridays. Stick to the bar food (burgers, sandwiches, pizza, wings and salads) and you will be okay. \u000a\u000aThis was our second attempt at trying Rock Bottom on Fathers Day. The first time almost ten years ago. We went in the early afternoon and they had already ran out of steaks. How do you do that on Fathers Day?! This time we went around 12 noon and beat the rush.\u000a\u000aMy wife got and loved the Berry Bash Sangria. She just said it had too much ice in it. Our daughter got the root beer float which she love and I started with a Mango Ice Tea, but later switched for a raspberry ice tea as the mango ice tea wasn't sweet enough.\u000a\u000aWe started off the the Kobe beef sliders as our app. It took at least 15 minutes to get them. You get three sliders and they were very good.\u000a\u000aMy wife got a small greenhouse salad with Jalapeno ranch dressing to start off with which she enjoyed and the lobster & shrimp enchiladas as her main entree. She complained about how salty it was and the fact that there was no lobster in it at all.\u000a\u000aOur daughter got the kids burger and fries. No surprise there.\u000a\u000aI ordered the New York Strip with mashed potatoes and it came with green bean as well. My strip was cooked perfectly and has a decent taste. Longhorn has a much, much better quality of steak though. The green beans were pretty good and my mashed potatoes very bland and pretty average. \u000a\u000aThe kitchen sounded like an live episode of Hell's Kitchen. The waiters were repeatedly asking for orders at least 5 to 6 times. The kitchen was backed up the whole time we were there.\u000a\u000aOn a different note, our waitress Susan was very good. Come here for drinks and the bar food. Skip everything else.
p723
aVI go to Rock Bottom pretty often for dinner or their awesome beer, so I was really really excited to have my bridal shower there.  My maid of honor reserved the banquet room which was very nice and separated from the rest of the restaurant.  My MOH and mother said that the person they talked to about reservations and arrangements was wonderful and easy to get in touch with.  My shower was wonderful, the wait staff was great and kept everyone's glasses full.  It started pouring down rain and they let us stay a little longer so my gifts wouldn't get wet when taking them out to the car.  The only reason this place gets 4 stars is because we were not allowed to take our leftover food from the buffet home.  There was salmon, chicken, potatoes, and mac and cheese left over and they told us we couldn't box it up.  Not sure why- they can't re-serve it!  It would have just gone to waste!\u000a\u000aAlso, not at all related to the shower, their trivia night is super fun!
p724
aVSouthwest Egg rolls and Fish tacos. Mmmmmmmmm. Ohh and the AMAZING Brews!
p725
aVI'm giving 4 stars mostly because of the beer....large selection & decent prices.   The food is pretty good, but nothing to rave about.  The menu has a good variety, and everything I've tried has been good.  Portions are large.  \u000a\u000aOne side of the restaurant is the bar & bar atmosphere....with several TV's & 2 pool tables.  It's very wide open with extremely high ceilings.  The other side is more for families or people who aren't concerned about watching sports.  In general, it has a relaxed atmosphere.  I've always had quick & friendly service.  \u000a\u000aI love the whole Waterfront area....so much to do!
p726
aVI'm not much of a beer drinker, but my fiancee is a major enthusiast, so I agreed to tag along.  I'm glad I did!  Our waitress was very knowledgeable about the extensive house-brewed beer selection, and helped me to pick one I would love (the kolsch was very crisp, light, and drinkable.)  The food was standard pub fare with a twist, well-executed.  My burger was topped with onion petals and gorgonzola, and cooked to perfection.  The waitress recommended their macaroni and cheese for a side, which was definitely a good choice.  My only complaint is that most of the food was rather heavy, and I spent the rest of the night wallowing on the couch.  Not sure I would make the hour+ trip to Pittsburgh again, but if I found myself in the city, I may just stop by.
p727
aVCame with my BF we started with the crab artichoke dip. It was very greasy and had virtually no crab. The wedge salad was good and crisp. I had the hazelnut crusted chicken. This has to be one of the worst dishes I've ever had it was like pancake syrup over breaded chicken. To finish the meal we had the homemade chocolate chip cookies served with hot fudge. Well there was no hot fudge it was chocolate syrup the ice cream was so crystallized from melting and re-freezing all around disappointing.
p728
aVNormally the food is outstanding, no more salted bread sticks, but they did bring back the ball park pretzels.  Not very good, cool to low warm. Hard, dense.  Mango ice tea is wonderful.\u000a\u000aWill see how the chicken comes out.\u000a\u000aTo be continued...
p729
aVTom and I decided to try this place out before catching a late movie on a Saturday night. He is a beer buff, and neither of us had ever been there, so we gave it a go.\u000a\u000aWe walked in around 8pm and we were told that there would be an hour long wait. We put our names on the list and went shopping around the area. About 25 minutes later, our table was ready. Parking was a cluster since the lot is shared with Dave & Busters and a karaoke bar called Sing Sing. Tom dropped me off at the door so I could secure our table.\u000a\u000aOur server, Jackie, approached me almost immediately and brought two waters to the table to start. She was very attentive and funny, and probably the best part of our experience at the restaurant. Tom ordered a Red Ale and to his surprise, didn't care for it. Jackie gave Tom three free samples of beers she thought he would like after talking to him about his beer drinking habits. He loved all three, and chose the most bizarre (and expensive) beer. Jackie switched the Red Ale to the beer of Tom's choice, and charged us for the less expensive beer. Very nice of her!\u000a\u000aWe started out with the Ball Park Pretzels with Jalapeno dip. The pretzels came out quickly and they were very fresh, not to mention huge! We only ate one and took the other to go. Very good app though! \u000a\u000aTom ordered some sort of bacon cheeseburger, and I got the Chicken Fried Chicken, which was a pounded chicken breast, breaded and fried, over white cheddar mashed potatoes with a side of gravy and some apple coleslaw.  Tom's burger came with a small handful of fries, and my meal was very spread out on my plate, like something was missing. Not very good presentation at all. The food itself was okay, nothing to write home about. The potatoes were my favorite part. Tom said that his burger was mediocre.\u000a\u000aAnother note: The bathrooms are shared with the Sing Sing karaoke bar that is in the same building, so expect drunk singing women in the bathrooms and brides-to-be puking in the stall next to you after enjoying too much alcohol at their bachelorette party... Yuck.\u000a\u000aOverall, we might come back for the beer and service, but not for the food. And DEFINITELY not to use the bathroom...
p730
aVI'm a regular here since their kitchen is open late and it's a good option after movies. Their nachos is pretty good. I also tried their burger and chicken sandwiches and they're good as well. \u000aI think the only thing I did't like is the steak taco appetizer. It was too sour and kinda tasteless.
p731
aVThe Cajun Pasta I ordered was just spicy enough to keep me sipping my Rock Bottom IPA. It may be a chain but I always get that microbrew restaurant feel when I'm here. They could upgrade the quality of the servers but I've never had a really bad experience with the service.
p732
aVI really miss the Northstar Amber but the specialty beers are always good.  Food is excellent and the service staff is friendly.
p733
aVSo after an evening of enjoying a comedy show at the Waterfront, we headed to Rock Bottom for some late night grub.  The place was pretty busy, we had to walk around the bar area for several minutes until a nice couple told us they were about to leave and we could have their bar table.  As nice as this was of them it was awkward standing over them as they finished their drinks paid their bill and left.  \u000a\u000aSo finally seated I look over the drinks and being the huge IPA lover that I am I went with that and it was indeed a good choice.  The hubby had the Red Ale which was also rather good.\u000a\u000aThe service was OK, not the best not the worst.  But moving on to more important thing, the food.  Talk about missing the mark hugely!  I ordered the mini street fish tacos.  You get four mini tacos with a marinated in lime piece of fish, and tomatillo salsa.  They were just strokes away from inedible.  I love fish tacos, I mean it is such a simple concept so why do people have such a hard time executing this dish? The shells were hard and literally split at the bottom when I picked them up.  The sour cream sprayed all over the plate only made them messy and the poor fish was just so overcooked.  If I wasn't so hungry I wouldn't have eaten them at all! Lesson learn on that.\u000a\u000aThe husband had the BBQ Chicken Pizza.  It had beans and corn with roasted red pepper on it along with some sour cream.  My husband is usually the type that will order these lovely specialty pizza's and ask for them to remove all the wonderful unique toppings!  For instance, he would usually just say, Chicken BBQ and cheese, nothing else!  I refused to let him do that this time, because I was really intrigued in the combination of ingredients on this pie.  And boy was I jealous when it came out.  It blew my crappy tacos out of the water!  Should have stuck with something simple.  \u000a\u000aFurthermore I could care less if I come back to this location.  The beers were good but hell you can get a decent IPA just about anywhere anymore.  And the underwhelming food sealed the deal.  I know this is a chain, but it still doesn't have to stink...
p734
aVthe food was delicious. portion size generous. atmosphere good. Our waitress Lindy was outstanding. Have nothing but good things to say. Would highly recommend to everyone !
p735
aVAnother good meal ... this time the Housemade Meatloaf. It's a blend of turkey and sausage instead of the standard ground beef. A refreshing and delicious twist on a comfort food staple. Served over cheddar mashed and mixed veggies. The server could have behaved like she wanted to be there but everyone has a bad day once in awhile. Service was prompt just the same. Overall good experience.
p736
aVI have to say that I've only been here when it was very busy. I found the service fairly quick and any of the food I've had has been delicious. I went there tonight and there was an issue with my food. Without going into detail, I will say they handled it wonderfully. Our waitress Mallory was very kind and she was quick to fix the problem. I had the salmon for the second time and it was just as amazing as it was the first time. I had one beer that's similar to a blue moon and that was good too. I would go back again!
p737
aVMy husband and I got here a couple times a year.    Always (except my veggies today) get great food at a decent price.   I love their side salad..... which has raisins and sunflower seeds.    Burgers are great and my husband loves their chicken Mac and cheese.   Recommend to everyone just get there early for a seat.
p738
aVPoor service and food. I waited 20 minutes at the bar for someone to just acknowledge my presence. They finally brought my food out and left it without asking for me to pay.... So I had to wait an additional 15 minutes to find someone to pay. Yes, I had to TRY and give them money.\u000a\u000aOn to the important part... Food was terrible. I had a burger and it was pathetic.
p739
aVOn a glorious day in the month of May , my love and I stumbled hungrily into rock bottom.  Ha. Just kidding I realized Darren W. Hadn't reviewed here so I had to start it cheesy.  \u000a\u000aThe rock bottom line: Monday for lunch we had awesome service by Ashley.  We weren't rushed and it was quite.  The burgers were great and half off . The beer was very good.  We will be returning for sure.
p740
aVPlanned a surprise birthday party here for my wife and they did an amazing job helping to pull it off! Service was extremely helpful, professional, and on point all night. Lauren (one of the managers) was reliable and pleasant throughout the entire planning process. If anyone is looking to plan an event I would highly recommend Rock Bottom. Couldn't be happier!
p741
aVI love this restaraunt. Rarely have I ever received service like I get here. The food is good, definitely reasonable for the price. The thing that blew me away was the fact that my steak was cooked TO TEMPERATURE. This rarely ever happens at restaraunt of similar price range and quality. But the servers are fantastic. Very attentive, polite and timely. The beer selection is awesome, we always order the sampler. I like having lots of options as far as beverages go. The wait time isn't terrible if you go a little later on a friday or Saturday night. And they most often call you before the quotes time. The desert menu is a little small, but I could probably skip it anyways ;)  the ambiance is good, not to crammed or noisy. They also have outside seating available when the weather is nice I highly recommend this establishment!
p742
aVI love this place! Great food and the best beer brewed on site! The bourbonzola burger is the best thing you can order here.
p743
aVThe staff here is very nice and the set up has TVs all around the family so enjoy mostly all sports, the music is nice and pretty mellow and the place is very spacey and the prices are pretty reasonable. And most importantly is the place seems to be kept clean at all times.
p744
aVGood food and large portions. I ordered the Veggie Burger for $8.50 and I loved it! It's one of the most unique veggie burgers I have ever had: a homemade patty of beans, rolled oats and veggies. The chipotle mayo really gave it that oomph. My burger was more than enough for me to handle and everything was worth the price. As for drinks, I'm a complete noob when it comes to beer but my friend ordered a tap and even from a small taste, I could tell it was very good quality beer. Bitter and sweet, with a slight tang. I rarely drink beer but i I'm going to, then might as well drink the best kind there is - fresh and microbrewed.\u000a\u000aNOTE: There aren't too many options for vegetarians. The veggie burger was pretty good and I'd recommend it, but other than that, there's also the veggie tacos, a few select appetizers, and a few salads from which to choose.
p745
aVI've never been crazy about the food here, but my friend likes it, so I do eat here once in a while. We stopped in last night and I had the chicken finger appetizer with fries. The food was a little overcooked and nearly tasteless. The ranch dressing was barely good enough to make up for it. \u000a\u000aMy friend had the mac & cheese with chicken and bacon, which is what she orders just about every time she's there. It looked delicious and the portion was huge. I'll be trying this dish next time we're there. \u000a\u000aWe've also had the Ball Park Pretzels in the past, and they're really good. \u000a\u000aI'm giving 4 stars because the service was great, there's outdoor seating, and the Berry Bash Sangria was delicious (if expensive). We'll be back.
p746
aVEvery time I've been here the food has always been delicious and the service has always been very exceptional. My go to is the Laredo burger and the Mac n'cheese as a side. They Mac n' cheese is absolutely wonderful if you like garlic! I've had a few other menu options as well that have been superb. The beers on tap are always great. My newest favorite is the First! Pumpkin Ale. \u000a\u000aOne thing I really appreciate about Rock Bottom is that they aren't one of these restaurants that try to rush you out when you're done eating. The food comes out fast (which is great when you're starving!) but if you want to stay an visit with your date or eating companions there's never any rush. I was just at Rock Bottom last night meeting friends for a movie that didn't start until 11pm. We got at the restaurant around 7:30, ordered drinks, ate and had a few more drinks and then just hung out for about a half hour until it was time to Walk over to the cinemas. It was nice not feeling rushed to leave as soon as we stopped ordering.\u000a\u000aMy only complaints are that sometimes meat ends up being cooked a little more than you often ask. Medium often turns into medium well, but that's not a huge problem for me. I also don't think the signature cocktails are worth $9, but that's more of a corporate complaint since Rock Bottom is a small chain. \u000a\u000aOverall I definitely recommend eating here if you're in the Waterfront!
p747
aVThe food is standard American fare--a bit overpriced in my mind--and the beers range from mediocre to very bad.  The Kölsch is the only decent beer of the bunch.  The service is good, but the wait for food or a table can be quite long (generally 20-30 minutes even for just beer and apps).  I've been to the one at the Denver airport as well, but I was stranded and had free meal tickets, so okay-but-nothing-special pizza from Rock Bottom it was.  Since it's a recognizable national chain, I think of places like this as more of a tourist brewery rather than a true Pittsburgh craft-brew experience.
p748
aVThe beer is good but the food is nothing to brag about at ALL. I've tried many things on the menu, and if you have developed a "foodie" palate, don't even bother, because you will be very disappointed. If you feel comfortable with chain restaurants and their lack of innovative touch (which, nothing wrong with that!) you will most likely enjoy Rockbottom. The only entree I did enjoy were the lobster and shrimp enchiladas (minus the repulsive beans and rice) and the asiago crab dip as an appetizer. Otherwise, you are better off skipping it.
p749
aVThis place is quite big with a bar area, dining room area, and patio area. We decided to sit in the bar area so we could watch some football on one of the many TV's. They also have darts and two pool tables, which I really enjoy. When you are in the bar area you can see the beer being brewed through the window which is really cool. \u000a\u000aI ordered the hibiscus wheat beer and my friend ordered the white wheat, both of which are brewed by Rock Bottom. They both tasted delicious and were exactly what I needed for a hot day. My friend ordered the Fried chicken entree which came with mashed potatoes and of course she gave me a few bites since we always share. It was a pretty delicious meal, but the fried crust fell off a few pieces which I am not really a fan of. I ordered the Sante fe salad with grilled chicken not fried. The salad was okay I was expecting more flavors overall, but I didn't really get them. \u000a\u000aIt was a good experience and will most likely be back when I am around the waterfront area.
p750
aVI am not a fan of chain restaurants typically and had to slowly break my boyfriend from wanting to eat at chain restaurants all of the time. The one chain that I can't break from is rock bottom. \u000a\u000aTheir beer is always good- as far as their staples go, I really love their white ale. Their seasonal IPAs have been good and my favorite seasonals of all time included their chocolate raspberry stout (...yes, it tasted as good as it sounds; they had it last year around Christmas) and their smoky BBQ brown ale (tasted like summer, complemented BBQ amazingly ; they had it this past summer, I bought a growler of it lol). \u000a\u000aAs far as their food goes, I typically stay away from the appetizers. $10 and up is a little too pricey for me as far as appetizers go. I've had their southwestern rolls and they were good but not worth $10. \u000a\u000aAlmost every time I go I order the Baja chicken sandwich. It's my favorite chicken sandwich! So good. The chicken is actually grilled (which goes for all of their chicken sandwiches) and I love the charred flavor that it has. The bun is soft but sturdy and doesn't fall apart while eating the sandwich, the sauce is amazing, the onion frizzles are the best and last but not least... There's a half of a fresh avocado on this sandwich. Mhm! I love it. My boyfriend usually gets the hickory BBQ bacon chicken sandwich and loves it as well. \u000a\u000aAnother item I ALWAYS get... Their apple coleslaw. I've yet to find better coleslaw in a restaurant. So simple, yet oh so good. \u000a\u000aThey also recently changed their fries and these are much better than their old ones. \u000a\u000aTheir side salads are awesome as well. They are decent in size- spring mix topped with sunflower seeds, raisins, half of a hard boiled egg (which I give to the boyfriend), chopped cucumbers and tomatoes and croutons. Yum! \u000a\u000aI usually order the same thing every time I go. I steered off my normal path once and ordered the buffalo Mac and cheese and found it to be quite tasteless. Which turned me off to trying new items there. Plus I am just too in love with the Baja chicken sandwich and apple coleslaw to want to try anything else. \u000a\u000aService is always great, the bartenders are friendly... I love this place. Ask about their rock bottom rewards !
p751
aVBe careful. The servers can't pay attention to save their lives, and the management cares even less. I want to make sure people know how careless the management is, particularly Mark who seems to let his staff run around.
p752
aVI always enjoy Rock Bottom. Standard beers on tap are always great and their rotating selection usually has a hit as well. \u000a\u000aI prefer the bar seating as to the dining room, but this is a good way to separate the family dining from those of us without kiddos. \u000a\u000aNachos, nachos, nachos. Truly the best in the area. Great burgers, chili and salads. Really...I don't think I've had a bad meal here. Nice outdoor seating in the summer. \u000a\u000aThis is a great place to watch a game or just hang out. Iced counter at the bar to keep your drink cold.  I know they have other cocktails here, but I can't order them at a beer place. I've seen them and they do look good, but I'm stuck to the beer selection. \u000a\u000aThey have a great happy hour and specials throughout the week. \u000a\u000aService is always great whether there are two or 10 of us.
p753
aVThis is  a "Okay" place to eat.  The food is nothing special.  I guess what they have going for them is the beer.  Order the  Guacamole for the starter which was okay but for $8.50 and the portion was not worth it.  Rice (Cajun Taco) was not cooked well.  Would I go there again "maybe".  If your into beer and watching the game, then yeah go there.
p754
aVBALL PARK PRETZEL-Would eat again. \u000a\u000aI came to rock bottom, looking for a great beer. Full of hops, that brings a refreshing sensation and satisfaction. I then opened the menu, scanned looking for those select bar items to pair with my great beer. I saw an extensive list of items, from chicken fingers to salads. I noticed a Ball Park Pretzel, with a jalapeño cheese dip. I was blown away, the fact that I got 2 pretzels amazed me. I ordered within 25 minutes of seating. My pretzels hit the table within minutes. The smell of the warm salt and hot cheese opened my senses. But I knew we could step this shit up, I asked for mustard. And what do you know. Grey Poupon Dijon Mustard is in front of my eyes. I combined that shit and life evolved. I went to heaven, it took me 35 minutes to write this review because I took a solid bite with Grey Poupon after each sentence. Good look Rock Bottom, keep up the good work.
p755
aVWe have been going to Rock Bottom for sevesrl years and Love it! It is our go to place, when we want a nice meal, in a nice atmosphere,  with good service! We have had 1 maybe 2 not so great visits but for the most part, service is EXCELLENT and the food is consistent!  After leaving another restaurant (just trying to do something new for a celebration) because of poor service, we were greeted and seated in a few seconds!  Our server was at our table within seconds even though she had a large (10 to 12 guests) Group at the table near us. We had our drinks in minutes and were checked on twice within 5 minutes. Our food came out rather quickly and was delicious! Our server was very attentive and social. As usual, a save by our go to place! I know we will retun here again!
p756
aVMy husband and I went to Rock Bottom Brewery last night for the first time and we had a WONDERFUL experience! Our server, Amanda, was very attentive, and was able to make several good beer recommendations to my husband. My husband said that his burger was the best one he'd ever had, and my pizza was delicious! Prices weren't too bad either, especially considering how amazing the food and the service was. Rock Bottom is now on our list of favorite local restaurants and we will definitely be visiting it again in the future!
p757
aVNice enough chain restaurant.  Have ordered the fish tacos appetizer and the dinner entree of cajun fish tacos which comes with black beans and rice.  Both are ok, though I think I'd order something else next time as I'm pretty picky about fish tacos.  \u000a\u000aThe appetizer tacos were rather dry.  The cajun tacos were much better but executed oddly.  They come in 2 shells -- an inner hard shell and an outer soft shell.  Why might I ask?  Why add extra calories for something that seems so unnecessary and doesn't add to the dish in any way.  \u000a\u000aOh, well.  Can't speak about beer here as I'm not a beer drinker.\u000a\u000aThe space is pleasant and our server was efficient even if the meal wasn't the quickest to come to our table even though it wasn't busy.\u000a\u000aWould I revisit?  Probably; it was decent enough with many other menu options.  Keep in mind, however, that there are many options nearby worthy of a visit.
p758
aVStandard issue Rock Bottom.  We ordered the nachos....they could have easily served 6 people.  I have never seen a more massive platter of food.  Bar service was okay...guy working there was nice to talk to about sports.
p759
aVOn a Friday I went to Rock Bottom with some friends for their happy hour which takes place from 4-6. Our server was a spunky brunette who was very attentive and even let us sample as many beers as we liked until deciding. I ultimately decided on the Pom-berry Cosmo which was excellent. I also got the ball park pretzel which is amazing. During happy hour it's only $5 and you get two big pretzels served with this delicious cheese dip. My friends got the nachos, the quesadilla, and the artichoke cheese dip. Everything was very tasty.
p760
aVFor this occasion I was with my girls, we were looking for a place to have a good lunch.  We looked around and chose Rock Bottom, we have eaten then before and enjoyed ourselves.  The server was a very nice person and was very attentive.  She when over the specials and took our drink order.   Going through the menu one thing that caught my eye was the BBQ Brisket Stuffed Burger.  That just sounded so good.  Unfortunately the reality didn't match the idea of the burger.  The favor of the BBQ never came through and the smoked Gouda flavor was none existent. It was like having a standard old boring burger.  I was very disappointed.  For $14, I would have expected a lot more flavor.  I would not recommend this burger unless they do something to bunch up the flavor.
p761
aVWent to Rock Bottom at The Waterfront over the weekend with 10 adults and 3 children in high chairs. Service was good, efficient, and fast. I enjoyed a good bowl of tortilla soup and an order of Buffalo wings. Both very good. From the table, I heard rave reviews of the Ball Park Pretzel the other meals including a 2 alarm burger, a few classic burgers cooked medium as requested, mac n cheese, and lobster and shrimp enchiladas.  A very good experience.
p762
aVMy visits here are generally pretty consistent.  I love getting the beer sampler even though I've drank all the beers twice over.  I wouldn't say I have a favorite dish here yet but the food was always generally good.  I guess one thing that sticks out is the chicken mac and cheese and the Reuben.  \u000a\u000aWhen I go here though, I'm going for the beer more than the food.  Definitely worth a trip for dinner.
p763
aVFirst, I have to say that I've been here twice in the past few months, and each time was with a very large group (one group of 20, one group of over 30) on a weekend evening and I'm thoroughly impressed with the friendly, efficient and professional manner in which the accommodate groups. Whether increasing the number of diners at the last minute or providing separate checks, they are flawless. Lots of other restaurants could learn from them. Impressively, even with providing separate checks to such large groups, they chose not to add gratuity (and we obliged with good tips), l managed to deliver food to everyone at the same time, and processed payment of the checks in no time at all. Bravo to this restaurant's management and service staff, it's top notch.\u000a\u000aThat being said, the food and beer aint all that bad either! Fish & Chips, chicken mac'n cheese, salmon bites, guacamole and the Maker's Mark burger are all quite good, as are the beers (the Kölsch is my favorite!).
p764
aVThere are few local restaurants as popular as this place, the food is consistently good and the service always great. I meet people regularly at the bar, we usually have dinner but lately that's not always the case. The biggest complaint is that it seems the chef is intent on putting black pepper or some type of hot spice in all menu items.
p765
aVOverpriced. Food is OK, but way overpriced. Quantities are small....much smaller than the picture in the menu. The beer is average. But yes, you guessed it, that's overpriced too.
p766
aVIt's been a couple years since I first reviewed Rock Bottom, and while I still don't love the place they've definitely improved since then. They admittedly still aren't my first choice food-wise because, by design, they're a pretty generic eatery for the most part, especially compared to other options in the area. Their local brews are really the only thing that sets them apart from other places in the Waterfront, and Pittsburgh has so many breweries and so forth now that even that isn't the biggest draw anymore.\u000a\u000aThat said, their brews ARE usually quite good and worth trying. Plus, they ARE improving in terms of service and quality of food, and that deserves a mention. Sure, I may think their menu of burgers, pizzas and American eats is pretty average, but I also think the quality of the dishes is improving. For example, my burgers are no longer coming to me overcooked, and as a result actually taste like a burger and not like a pile of toppings and a dry meat patty. Some dishes are even more memorable now; I actually really like their veggie burger, which is packed full of flavor that even I, a known carnivore, can appreciate. And their fresh pretzels and dip? Absolutely amazing - exactly what you'd expect from a warm pretzel fresh out of the oven. \u000a\u000aI was especially impressed during my last visit by a server named Mark, who was incredibly attentive and came to our table regularly to check on drinks and keep us updated. He never said a negative word and was quick to correct any mistakes or problems that popped up during the night. If Rock Bottom hires more people like him, there will be many more happy people coming and going from the place, I guarantee it.\u000a\u000aAdd in the fact that this is one of a small handful of places that accepts reservations in the Waterfront - a MAJOR plus when planning big outings with friends in the area! - and you have a reliable place where a group of people can go after a movie, shopping, etc. for food and drinks. And for that, Rock Bottom's earned another star in my book.
p767
aVWas hoping for a great end of a day experience, but...... Things happen. Waitress seemed to have forgotten about us, entrees came out prior to our appetizers. Entree of fish &chips was a major disappointment, fish was soggy and the chips were cold and grainy.starters were comp'ed but I doubt we'd go back. Sad because it has the potential to be a home run hitter. Two stars and that's it.
p768
aVRock Bottom: A Cautionary Yelper's Tale.\u000a\u000aYou might say, "I've never heard of Rock Bottom, there's no way that they are a chain restaurant." Beer? Apps? Bros? Sounds like a good time, but be careful or you'll end up on the rock bottom.\u000a\u000aAfter a 30 minute wait staring at half of an empty restaurant with the usual goofy decor you would find at a Buffalo Wild Wings, we were finally seated. We could feel the tension from other diners that something wasn't right. The manger was running around apologetically and the food was casually sunbathing under the heat lamps. We immediately ordered a few apps but just like GOT, and now our watch begins.\u000a\u000aWe waited and waited to finally receive the saddest, tiniest plates of food with bloated chain restaurant prices. The food was uninspired, tired, and ordinary. The only reason why I am giving them 2 stars is because of the extremely gracious and apologetic wait staff who took off 20% of our meal due to the terrible service. \u000a\u000aSo if you have decided to take a seat at Rock Bottom, take comfort in knowing that even the staff seems to know your pain.
p769
aVGreat bar. Great atmosphere. Great food. Cool place to be.\u000a\u000aDefinitely one of those places you could keep going back just because it's so chill and it's a great place for friends to just enjoy some drinks and eat some good food. Nothing too too spectacular by any means but satisfies the taste buds. Their apps are the best part and the highlight of the restaurant, in my opinion. The nachos can be split among 4-5 people easy. Lots of toppings and yummy all around.
p770
aVWhile this is certainly not my first meal at Rock Bottom, this is my first meal in a year or two . The wait was minuscule, and the greeter was pleasant. As always it is a haircut weekend so the twin carnivores, the mother in law and I decided to tie the feed bag on at RB. Our server Matt was easy to work with and informative. \u000a\u000aI started off with the tortilla soup. Spicy and thick it went down easy enough. However let me say that the price at $3.50 was rather steep for the serving size. Did somebody say OUCH!! Thing one and thing two each had the 'small fry steaks'  with fruit (cantaloupe, melons, and grapes) and steamed broccoli and at $6.75 each, I think I was 'buffaloed' IF  you get my drift. The steak consisted of three small thinly sliced pieces of .... Hmmm. \u000a\u000aThey say that kids say the darnedest things well thing one noticed that his steak was very very gristly, and thing two noticed that his was rather dry. Not the best dinner they have eaten. They say you get what you pay for OR NOT!!  \u000a\u000aMy meal consisted of the Chicken Bacon Mac & Cheese  and at $14.75 I had no complaints. It was filing hot and load with chicken and bacon. How can anything be wrong with that much BACON!!! \u000a\u000aThe final dinner consisted of chicken fried chicken and at $13.95 my mother in law was sated. Over all this meal was a wash. If anyone from Rock Bottom corporate reads this... You may seriously want to rethink you portion sizes. \u000a\u000aAs you know I vote with my feet and dollars, and neither will be there again ANY time soon!!
p771
aVThis is another one of my favorite places that had deteriorated dramatically. Corporate decided to get rid of the core beers and the beers now suck. The menu has gone from something for everyone to a couple of overpriced entrees and a bunch of small plates that are ok but not great. The service has also suffered tremendously. We are abandoning this restaurant.\u000a\u000aI don't expect this Rock Bottom to be around too much longer.  In the past, on nights when the Pirates were playing out of town, the bar and the restaurant would be packed.  Last night, it was only slightly busy.  You can usually tell when an eatery is suffering by the amount of staff on a given night and the conditions of the bathroom.  The staff was overwhelmed and the bathrooms were filthy and in serious need of repairs.  Alas, I don't think that Rock Bottom will still be in business in six months.  Hopefully, if that happens, Black Rock Bar & Steak House will find its way into Pittsburgh.
p772
aVI love Rock Bottom. I don't frequent the restaurant side of RB as much as I do SingSing, but the food comes from RB. I order practically the same thing every time (Bacon Mac 'n Cheese, Brewery Nachos, and a beer...usually an IPA or a Manhattan) and the last two times I was at RB, the food was disappointing: it was cold and unappetizing, my Manhattan sucked, and the service was worse. The food is always better over at SingSing for some reason...even if they do come from the same place! \u000a\u000aI was craving the Mac 'n Cheese, so I went down to pick some up. I had a gift card, so I figured I wasn't out any money if the food sucked. I saw that there was a new menu, so I sat down to order. I got the Street Food Quesadilla, Bacon Mac 'n Cheese, and Beer Battered Onion Rings. I also ordered a Homemade Root beer and a few samples of the house beer.\u000a\u000aEverything was amazing! It came out hot and tasted awesome. They have a new Head Chef and it shows. I was floored...the new Street Food options are fun and tasty. They are unique and different...not something you'd find at any restaurants in the area.\u000a\u000aThe Service was good. My waitress was named Liz and she certainly was on point. She even helped me find a beer after I was sorely disappointed by the IPA offering...which was weird. I always thought the House Brews were tasty and fun, no matter their style or make. I'm an IPA girl, but I would happily drink anything that came from their taps. I was disappointed in the offerings, but I ended up settling on the Pale Ale that was quite tasty.\u000a\u000aIn the end, if you were turned off by Rock Bottom before, I'd definitely recommend going back to check out the Street Food and new menu offerings. Service has dramatically improved, food quality has improved,  and I was thrilled.
p773
aVStopped in for dinner an bellied up to the bar. The bar tender was quick to get me a beer (the 3 Pepper Ale which was really good) but after that I was totally ignored. Tried to get the attention of the two bartenders for about a half hour while nursing my beer. They seemed to be more interested in changing dollars for quarters and washing glasses. I got feed up, finished my beer, paid my tab and went to Uno's. Glad I did... Got great service and my meal came quickly.\u000a\u000aVerdict:  sit at the bar for a beer if that's what you want but if you're hungry and want dinner take your chances at a table.
p774
aVFor a chain, it is better atmosphere than you would expect.  The menu options all sound delicious, but the food quality is not great.  Just mediocre.
p775
aVService is good, staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Beer and cocktails are good as well. Food...not so much.  My boyfriend and I shared the Jalapeno Pretzel appetizer which was pretty good, but our entrees.... disappointing.  I got the Baja chicken sandwich and he got the bison burger.   both were super dry. i could not even finish half of mine. He had to drench his in ketchup to be able to get the bison burger down. If i were to go back, it certainly would not be to eat.
p776
aVMeh is the only thing I leave here feeling.  I ordered the classic burger because nothing on the new menu excited me.  For a side,  I requested the seasonal veggies (trying to be healthier) and was told it's a squash mixture - great I love summer squash!  \u000a\u000aI received a poorly seasoned burger. The bun had the most flavor which is a sad statement.  It was topped with an olive and a mini pickle... odd.  My "squash" side was lacking squash. Instead all squash was replaced by peppers... which I cannot eat.\u000a\u000aOur server was nice.  The beer was simple.  With new breweries and restaurants popping up in and around Homestead, perhaps RB should reconsider their flavors.
p777
aVApps were good, service was average, and the certified angus beef tips were awful.  They were severely overcooked and the sauce they were in had no flavor.  The picture on the menu made it appear you get a good amount of tips.  However, I was given only 4 tips, which in the end I was thankful for, because if I had any more, I would have had to rest my jaw for a couple days due to the extreme toughness and amount of chewing required to swallow those flavorless tips.
p778
aVGreat american style bar food with quite a lot to pick from the both the food and drink menus. They are also great at accommodating large groups and these are one of the few places that allow you to call ahead to reserve a spot. Been here plenty of times with my group and we enjoyed it every time.
p779
aVOverpriced. Food is OK, but way overpriced. Quantities are small....much smaller than the picture in the menu. The beer is average. Butbyes
p780
aVI am a FAN of rock bottom.  This is my 2nd time here and i can say i am a FAN.  We went on a Saturday night after a day at sandcastle.  The wait was 45-60 mins for a table of 5 which was to be expected on a saturday evening. \u000a\u000aOur server wasn't the best in my opinion.  She was very friendly and some what attentive but it definitely took awhile to place our orders in for our drinks, appetizers, and meals.  \u000a\u000aSince we were all hungry, I ordered us the nachos.  They were AWESOME.  Very happy and pleased with that selection. My sister ordered pretzels which were pretty good,but the clearly had TOO much salt on them.  The cheese dip that came with the pretzels however was AWESOME.  Definetly pleased with our selection.\u000a\u000aWe placed our order, which came out in a timely fashion.  Everyone was pleased.  The prices for the meal were about average for everything that you got.  I got the the margarita pizza which was pretty good.  My wife got jalpeno burger with fries.  My son got the kids pizza.  My sister and her husband got the seafood taco with shrimp and crab i believe.  The best part of this place is that they brew their own beer here.  Everyone got a honey beer (can't remember the exact kind) but it was 7.75 for 25oz which was a fair price i think.  \u000a\u000aAll in all, its def a place worth going.
p781
aVGood beer, food and service. Arrived on a Wednesday night for business and sat at the bar. Bartender was attentive and nice. Food was great. I had the Bison Prairie Burger. It was cooked perfectly and the flavor and fries were great. I'll be coming here again on my next business trip.
p782
aVThe food is always plentiful, the atmosphere lively, the service friendly, and even though it's always busy, I rarely have to wait for a table. \u000a\u000aIf you're a nachos fan, this is the place! Often, I just make it my appetizer, salad, and meal. Yes, it's that big. \u000a\u000aEven though I'm not a big beer drinker, I enjoy their sampler, and I LOVE their cider; it had just the right amount of kick.
p783
aVCame to this place last night after shopping!\u000aFood was pretty good! Service was good. \u000aSat outside. Nice space!
p784
aVThey did a good job accommodating a large group. Mac N Cheese with chicken and bacon was good. In house beers were moderate and selection was limited. Good service, franchise-ish ambiance, nothing extraordinary but easy enough.
p785
aVLoved the American Blonde and gram's oat soda IPA.  Good service.    Egg rolls were very good.  Our bar tender was very attentive and helpful in selecting the beers.
p786
aVIf your in the market for a beer or two this could be an option. They have a nice seasonal selection and it's all tap which I prefer. I also like that most of the seating is booth. On my visit the service was lack luster. I have no idea where the waitress went for half the meal and her listening skills left much to be desired. I went with a beer sampler. It was nice being able to try everything they have. I of course went with the pumpkin beer. For my main dish I had stuffed peppers which I honestly enjoyed. They had a great flavor. My only issue is the rice that came with it was a bit under cooked. If service was better and my rice was cooked I would have given this place a solid 4 stars but that unfortunately wasn't the case on this particular visit.
p787
aVI'm visiting Homestead this week for some work-related training.  Rock Bottom was recommended by the receptionist at my hotel, and I'm so glad it was!  I've been there twice already and will go back before I leave in a few days.  I sat at the bar during both of my visits, and the bartenders were both very nice...Bob during the day and Paul at night.  The pumpkin beer and milk stout are both awesome.  Like other reviewers stated, the nachos are great!  I think the best part was that everyone was very friendly.  Other customers seated at the bar were eager to chat, which is so nice when you don't know anyone in the area!  Great place!  Thanks for the hospitality!
p788
aVCame here on a Saturday night. Waited over an hour for a table for 2, but enjoyed some great beers from the bar while waiting. Ordered the calamari appetizer to start which was very good. My fish and chips entree was cold, but my boyfriends 2 am burger was phenomenal.
p789
aVVery disappointing menu. Pseudo Mexican and south of the border fare. I had the Beef Tip Sliders. What a ridicules offering. Each one (2 on a plate) had a nickel sized piece of beef on an oblong  3" bun. It was taken back to the kitchen, after I complained, and a thin sliver now appeared. The only thing good about this experience, the waiter was nice!\u000aAs the raven said, "Never, never more."
p790
aVWe stopped in to grabs bite to eat before we went to Improv. My wife and I got the bacon chicken mac&cheese. It was absolutely delicious right down to the last bite. We raved about it all night long. Our friend got a burger and asked for it well done. It came out medium. So she sent it back. The manger brought out the new one and he took care of our friends check. Pretty great service. She loved the burger, and said it was one of the best she has had. \u000aI had the beer sampler and I liked all six beers. They were good. \u000aI would recommend this place and if we are down that way I will definitely go back.
p791
aVGreat selection of beers especially the seasonal ones! You won't be disappointed. The Jalapeño pretzels are dope!
p792
aVI'm very disappointed to say this place has gone down hill. While my boyfriend and I use to really enjoy coming here, the food has gotten considerably worse. They've taken many things off the menu we use to enjoy, such as the pretzel sticks with beer cheese, and replaced them with frozen ballpark pretzels and nacho cheese. Tonight I ordered a steak salad, of which the steak was good, but there was nothing on the salad that was listed on the menu. Not to mention the whole place smells smells like dirty mop water. The beer is still very good, that's why still gave them 2 stars.
p793
aVWe were a party of four. My wife and I ordered the stuffed pepper. It was very spicy with some serious zip. However, it was delicious. My youngest son had the chicken enchiladas. He thought that those were the best that he ever had. My oldest son had the chicken mac-n-cheese. He thought that it was very good. We all shared the calamari and jalapeno appetizer-- very spicy, but very good. We also had the buffalo wing appetizer. The sauce was very good, but the wings were OK. The brownie dessert was a little disappointing. The brownies were dry. I also had the key lime dessert. It was OK. The service was outstanding. The atmosphere was vibrant and enjoyable. We will definitely return the next time that we are in Pittsburgh.
p794
aVWe stopped into Rock Bottom for a late dinner. The place was hopping-the bar side and the restaurant side. We chose to dine on the restaurant side. There were a lot of great choices on the menu. I chose the grilled chicken sandwich which had barbecue sauce, bacon, cheddar cheese, pickles, lettuce, tomatoes, and red onions. The chicken it self had a great grilled flavor. I think it was good enough to eat plain. The barbecue sauce was smokey with a hint of sweetness. The pickles added a tangyness. It was a huge sandwich. It was served with fries but they were a little soft. They needed a few more minutes of cooking. \u000aI only ate half of my sandwich so I would have room for dessert. They have a couple of smaller desserts that are served in Mason jars. Then they have a few that are larger that you could share with 2pr 3 people. I ordered the cheesecake with caramel and toffee. Yum!!!! It was the perfect ending to a good meal.
p795
aVErgh, this place. I hate giving bad reviews but on my latest visit, I should have listened to my gut and not repeated my visit here. Naturally, I'm not a stranger to this chain, understand it's a chain, but the past visit here was just not good.\u000a\u000aCame with my brother on a Sunday after a driving lesson. We were hungry and this was his way of paying for gas money. We were seated in the dining area. Every time we are seated in the dining area it's a bad experience. On the bar side you get entertainment, the beer flights/draft specials are decent and the bar food/appetizers are passable.\u000a\u000aIt started off with the soft drinks. I'm not a pop drinkers so when I want a simple diet pepsi I expect it not to taste funky [and yes, I prefer the weird twang of diet drinks to sugar in a glass taste of regular]. There was incorrect carbonation, whether they were running out [I suspect this], no ice [lukewarm] or they had just hooked up a new box [unlikely]. I sent it back.\u000a\u000aMy brother got a burger which he said was fine, it came with an egg on it and he found himself satisfied. I tried to steal a few of his fries, which were a failure. They tasted like the off brand in the freezer section [a full mouth of starch], and were barely crispy enough. So abandon plan. On my own dish I had the classic mac n' chicken. First of all, the pasta was crispy?, really?, it wasn't a cheese sauce, it was pretty much butter baked on and sprinkled in Parmesan and smothered in breadcrumbs. And when I say smothered here, this is not a good thing. Sigh. The chicken was pushed to the bottom of the pan, which my brother tasted because I was turned off my this version of my favorite dish, and said it was cooked properly. A small save? \u000a\u000aAgain - I sent it back after about 3 bites. The waitress came back asking if I wanted a box, I told her to take it away. She did and disappeared into oblivion until we had to flag her down for the check, which I didn't see as my brother paid for it while I used the restroom, I hope they didn't charge us for the pop drink.... Needless to say, I came home hungry. \u000a\u000aHonestly, if you come, come for drinks and a salad, they don't screw those up. Everything else, avoid.
p796
aVI've been coming here a lot lately and the food is consistently good. Their burgers are great (especially the 2:00 am burger) and the staff is always friendly. I haven't tried too many of their beers but the food will keep me coming back!
p797
aVWas only here for drinks so this is not a reflection on food. Tried their standard flight and greatly enjoyed the Xm@s but nothing else stood out. Also had the Gentleman, Holly's Mistletoe and Lively. The Gentleman was good in my opinion.  2 out of 8 beers impressed me and above standard for my tastes while the others were below standard when it comes to craft beers.  Again this is my opinion. I have a wide range of styles I enjoy but IPAs are a solid choice for me.  Pricing for flights was excellent at $6 for 6 4oz. tasters.\u000a\u000aThe service was lackluster. Myself and two friends were sat and the waitress took my order and the other man but ignored the girl that was with us and walked off without even asking her if she would like anything. She was a bit put off to say the least. We tracked the waitress down and she apologized but the rest of the stay was a bit awkward.  \u000a\u000aI hear the food is very good and will return to try it and adjust my review accordingly.
p798
aVA friend and I stopped in to Rock Bottom Brewery before a movie on a cold Thursday.  It was a short hike from the theater, but I am not cold tolerant, and was glad of the warm, comfortable restaurant interior.  It was pretty empty (my favorite), and we were ushered to a booth, which was roomy and comfortable.  \u000a\u000aOur server was friendly, attentive, and made great recommendations.  The beers were very tasty!  Even though we were starving, our server recommended getting 1/2 order of nachos if we planned to get dinner.  GOOD TIP!!!  The half order of nachos is piled on to a traditional dinner plate, and it was plenty of appetizer for 2 people.  My friend got the country fried chicken with mashed potatoes and slaw.  She seemed to enjoy it.  I got the veggie pizza with feta, which was good, but I think I would have been happier with something else.  There was no fatal flaw in the pizza, I think I was stuck eating bread with grilled veggies and feta while my friend ate fried chicken- and that was entirely my fault. \u000a\u000aOverall, this was a positive experience.  It has a "chain" feel (because it is a chain), but I would go back and recommend it to others.  It is for foodies? Nope.  It is amazingly original?  Nope.  But it is good food, good beer, good service, and a fair price.  Definitely.
p799
aVfirst bad experience at this place. double swiss burger was as tasteless as they could make. I asked for medium cooked and they gave me burnt. instead of caramelized onions, they added raw onions. they should check the quality of jalapeños they use, it was not hot at all. they also forgot to add mayo.\u000aohh and they took 50 minutes to prepare this burger, and we missed our movie at amc. \u000athe waiter did not even bother to ask if everything was okay. won't visit again.
p800
aVSaturday night, Valentine's Weekend around 7 pm - Larger tables sat quicker from what I could tell when we were waiting. I was with one other person and we waited upwards of 50 minutes for a table. When we were finally sat it was by the door where it was really drafty. It was below freezing out, and we were both really cold. The food was great though when it came, and it somewhat warned us up. We ordered the tortilla soup, nachos, Diablo pizza, and 2 am burger. The soup was delicious. I'm itching to have another bowl already. I also tried their darkest beer that had hints of cacao and peanut butter. I'm not a beer fan, but I really liked it. Our waitress was extremely nice as well. We were comped 20 something dollars when we didn't even complain or say anything. It was a nice surprise when we got our bill. I'll definitely be back.
p801
aVThe first time I experienced the Rock Bottom Brewery was in downtown Chicago. It was wonderful! I think I went back the next night because I had such a good experience. It's pretty much always packed around happy hour/dinner time because it's a great spot. \u000a\u000aThe Pittsburgh location doesn't quite compare. The actual layout, food, service, etc., is average. I ordered the bison burger last night and it was pretty good. But, it was a bit dry and it didn't seem like they put much effort into it. Honesty, when I received my food, it reminded me of being at a place like Applebee's of Chili's. They were out of Mac and cheese because they had had a busy night. I didn't mind that at all because I had tried the Mac and cheese before; you should give it a try if you haven't. \u000a\u000aThe waitress was great. She checked in often to make sure we were comfortable. The menu is large. You're sure to find something you want to try. But it's a brewery, so the options are mostly variations of bar foods. It's a cool place to go if you want to eat late and have a decent sized group with you.
p802
aVWe waited for almost an hour, while groups smaller and larger, who had arrived both before and after us, streamed in and out. When we checked on our table status, they only replied "You have 19 minutes" to wait. I guess it didn't matter that I could see tons of open tables if they have some sort of seating timer. Once we were seated, our waiter was quick but that's just about the extent of anything nice I have to say. The other folks in our party mentioned that the burgers were pretty good; however, my Cuban Cristo was a mess. It had too much batter and was fried too long, resulting in a greasy, brick of a sandwich. And, for a brewery, I was extremely disappointed by the small size of their beer list. Overall, it was a mediocre experience with forgettable food. I won't be going back.
p803
aVRock Bottom is a decent larger sports/brew pub seating is at a premium on weekend evenings, prepare to wait an hour to be seated at a table or try your luck scurrying against others as a high-top becomes available in the bar.\u000a\u000aThe food is average, nothing extraordinary...we did get the sausage filled pretzels bites, they had little or no  sausage in half of them (should have gotten the ball park pretzel)\u000a\u000aThey do offer a drink and wine selection but beer is limited to house brew only.
p804
aVWe got here at the last minute last night before the kitchen closed, there were five of us, and we got right in and had awesome service. We tried two beer flights so we could have the entire beer menu. The flights are priced exceptionally well. We had the nachos for an appetizer, which were good but not the best I've ever had. I had the Brewer's Cobb, which has always been amazing at every Rock Bottom I've ever been to and an extraordinary amount. My husband had the beef tips, which tasted good but didn't have a lot of meat. It left him wanting more. The mashed potatoes and onion straws paired with the tips were good though. The atmosphere was great, it was clean, and our server was friendly and attentive. Very happy with the experience.
p805
aVI had my baby shower here. The space very nice, staff friendly, and everyone loved the food, especially the chicken Mac n cheese! Everyone is still raving about it!
p806
aVThe experience was different the second time around. We asked for a booth and got one right away. When we sat down, the waitress came fast and serve our drinks and appetizers fast. The food was great until the steak and shrimp came with the broccoli. It was not good, the broccoli was burnt bad and I ask medium well and they sent it bloody. My boyfriend's bison burger was not that tasty either he sent it back. They sent the burnt broccoli back and I got a great salad, the steak had to go all the way to well done, but I believe the grill is not being clean properly cause the steak tasted burnt and charred. So the manager came over and ask my boyfriend if he wanted something else, he didn't and he asked me how he could make it better, I asked that next time could we have are food done properly cooked. He apologized and actually looked out with discounting the meal and gave us fresh spinach dip, which I enjoyed. I will not return but the customer service was awesome and I won't say don't go, but know what to order and what to watch out for when ordering!
p807
aVVery disappointed with this place. A lot of people standing around, table and menus sticky, the food was FUCKED!! Sent my pathetic Bruschetta chicken back because it was the size of a chicken nugget with one giant stem of broccoli.  Do not come here to eat. \u000a2 stars because the beer was good.
p808
aVAlthough the proximity to my house adds convenience as a factor in going to Rock Bottom, the food is less than desirable. \u000a\u000aThe beer there is great, it's a fairly clean establishment with a good wait staff, but the food IS AWFUL. I ordered the quesadilla appetizer, and for $10.59 I got 4 mini tortillas, not toasted at all, with some melted cheese and chicken. No salsa, no lettuce, guac, sour cream.  NOTHING. \u000a\u000aThen I was hoping the pizza I ordered would sort of redeem our experience, I got their "hot" style pizza since I like spicy food. The small pizza probably had 8 jalapeños worth of peppers, and then some sauce and cheese. It was so underwhelming. I wish the food could match the quality of their beer. Real bummer.
p809
aVMy husband and I were fans of the Denver Rock Bottom when we lived in Colorado, so we decided to have a date night at the Pittsburgh location a few weeks ago.\u000a\u000aThey were very crowded, but we got a reservation on OpenTable and were able to skip the line.  We arrived a few minutes early, but they were able to seat us when we got there.  \u000a\u000aThe beer is consistently good here--  I went with the fire chief red ale, and my husband tried both one of the cask strength beers and an IPA.  I ordered the bacon chicken mac n' cheese, and it was as good as I remembered.  My husband's steak was overdone, but the servers were very apologetic (they offered to replace it, and ended up comping it) and he said it was seasoned well.  For dessert, we split the mason jar bourbon pecan pie, and it was delicious, with a really delicious ice cream on top.\u000a\u000aThis location may not have quite lived up to our expectations from the original, but I'd be happy to end up here again if I'm in the area.
p810
aVA group of eight of us came here because Burgatory couldn't seat us (big surprise there) and none of us had been at this location before so we were willing to give it a shot.  They were able to seat us, not at the same table but at two adjacent tables.  We were flexible and more than happy to take that.\u000a\u000aI had the Bourbonzola burger.  It wasn't the best burger I had ever had, but it certainly wasn't the worst.  It satisfied the craving I had and that was really all I expected.\u000a\u000aThe reason I'm giving this place a four star is the beer.  I had the High-Level IPA and it was fantastic.  Rock Bottom is know for its beer and they did not disappoint.  Everyone in our group that had beer was impressed.\u000a\u000aDon't go to Rock Bottom necessarily expecting the best food you've ever had and you won't be disappointed with the experience.  What you can do though is go expecting some pretty damn good beer.  Do that and you won't be disappointed.
p811
aVFood was very good and reasonably priced. Had great draft choices. I would recommend going early especially on the weekends or sit in the bar area. Very crowded and noisy
p812
aVI've been coming to Rock Bottom for many years and am a loyal member of their "mug club", which, if you come more than once, you should sign up for because membership comes with a few nice perks.\u000aRock Bottom brews some of their own beers with a nice variety of ambers, reds, and IPAs.  Typically when I'm here I like to sit at the bar or in one of the high tops near the bar where you can seat yourself.  If weather permits they also have a nice sized patio where you can also dine.\u000aUsually I'm here to share appetizers and my go to is the ballpark soft pretzels with the cheese dip.  They also serve some pretty good nachos. \u000aWhen ordering from the menu I've found the grilled chicken BBQ sandwich to be a HUGE HIT.  This is one delicious sandwich.  \u000aPrices are reasonable, service is typically good, and the beer is flowing.  Nice option when in the Waterfront area.
p813
aVIf you want rock bottom food, head to Rock Bottom. Slow service, horrible, horrible food.   Was served freezing cold enchiladas and pizza.   The enchiladas were supposed to be chicken and had two tiny strips of chicken and I'm talking minuscule.   Rice was still cold when it was served a second time a half hour later.   Manager apologized and waitress offered us something while we waited for our food for the second time.   I don't know whose fault it was, but there are clearly some problems in house.   I'll take the blame for ordering chicken enchiladas at a brewery but wow, they were so horrid!
p814
aVI'm not someone that's mechanically inclined, so I can't say for sure that the deal I got was a good one. But that said Alan and the crew at Master Muffler certainly appears to have done a great job fixing my car to a degree better than I expected and at a price much lower than I was expecting. And with a great warranty on their work I feel comfortable knowing that if there is a problem I'll be covered. I would absolutely recommend them to all my friends.
p815
aVI have a little bit of mechanical knowledge, but not enough to land me a job as a mechanic. I try to do a good bit of my own work to save on the repair bill and to avoid unscrupulous mechanics. \u000a\u000aI called a handful of shops to get a quote to replace an exhaust manifold gasket and bolts on my 05 Grand Cherokee. Alan (owner) quoted me $250 per side (I have the 5.7 V8, so there are 2 sides) to fix it. Sure enough, it was $250 out the door. Alan is a great guy that knows his stuff. If it doesn't need to be fixed, he'll tell you it doesn't need to be fixed. BUT, if it does need to be fixed, it really does need fixing. He even checked on a couple of other things and made some recommendations for other specialty shops for projects I plan on doing on this Jeep, which he didn't have to do. \u000a\u000aI chose to give Master a shot after my normal go-to shop in Monroeville didn't return my call seeking a quote for the exhaust manifold. Some of the reviews on Google for Master are unfair, with the chief complaint being a misunderstanding of personalities. If you want to question what the mechanic tells you needs to be done, fine. Just make sure you know what you're talking about. If you have zero mechanical knowledge, don't tell the mechanic how to do their job. Alan won't blow smoke up your dress and hold your hand. If you want your car fixed, take it to Master. \u000a\u000aThanks again, Alan, for giving me the opportunity to boast on the Jeep forums about only paying $250 for a repair that many have shelled out $1K+ to fix! You're my new go-to shop for our vehicles. \u000a\u000a(If you're curious as to their hours, I was there a little after 7AM. They are first come, first serve.) Don't be an idiot and expect your car to be fixed 5 minutes after pulling into the lot. Oh, and don't park in front of the garage doors like a tool!
p816
aVTerrible customer service, disrespectful in fact. I towed my vehicle to Master Muffler in the evening. The owner called me at 645 am the next day and gave me attitude for leaving it in his parking lot. He told me he wouldn't work on the vehicle and that I had to pick it back up by the end of the day. I said this was a secondary vehicle and I asked if he could be fixed at his earliest convenience, he said "it doesn't work like that".  Never going back again  and I would advise against Master Muffler to all others.
p817
aVGood club for a good laugh. High food prices (most comedy clubs are), 2 item min. The food was less than stellar. I wouldve enjoyed Burger King more. \u000a\u000aService was decent, I believe the waiters/waitresses could hustle a little more or the club should hire more waiters/waitresses. I get grouchy when my glass is sitting empty for more than 2 mins.
p818
aVThey have good acts coming around here, and often give out free tickets, particularly ine summer. I've never actually paid full price for a ticket here. \u000a\u000aThe two-item minimum is bit bothersome to me though...I don't mind the requirement so much, but the quality isn't good and the prices are high. Our four items total came to about $30 (two appetizers and two beers) and the apps were really nothing to write home about and the servers aren't even very friendly. Also beware...they have a lot of rules here. They won't seat till the whole party is there; if you get dinner reservations everyone in the party HAS to order dinner, automatic gratuity added to the check, etc. etc.\u000a\u000aThe "box office" is also weird...you get your tickets at this window complete with microphone and slide-under slot...then you walk into the club and the box office is completely open and the workers are just sitting right there, so I don't get the whole hoopla with the window.\u000a\u000aAll in all though, the seats are comfy enough, the atmosphere is pretty nice, and the acts are good.
p819
aVI always enjoy a good comedy club and though I'm a loyal Helium fan, I gotta give props to the Improv near Pittsburgh. They chose a great location, with surrounding restaurants of all genres and fun bars and shopping. \u000a\u000aWe bought tickets to see a comedian I had never heard of (he was decent) for $25 each with a two item purchase minimum. I really dislike that rule but you can't really get around it. \u000a\u000aThe only thing I didn't like, aka hated, was having to wait in line outside before the show started. It was freeeeezing! They should put heaters outside. seriously.
p820
aVCame here to see Charlie Murphy. \u000aParking was nightmare. I would expect nothing less on a Saturday night.\u000aThe 15 minute wait to get inside was torture. They need to implement a system where if you purchased tickets in advance you don't have to wait outside. Once inside you we were seated pretty quickly.\u000aSeating is first come first serve.\u000a\u000aThe Server was pretty quick to take our orders. I misread the menu description and didn't realize my BBQ sandwich came \u000awith cheese.  I don't eat cheese, and had send my order back. The waiter was gracious and returned with my modified order in about 15 minutes. I've never heard of throwing cheese pulled pork sandwich, maybe it's a northern thing. \u000aWe got our checks quickly, and without issue.
p821
aVI'm HUGE SNL fan, so naturally if someone who's been in the cast is touring, I'll come here to see them. Some have been really great...Jim Breuer. Some have been (surprisingly) very bad....Tracy Morgan. But it's always been a pleasant experience at the venue.  There's not a bad seat in the house and it's small enough that you get to see and hear everything from the stage.  Beware if you sit in the very front, you KNOW what's going to happen!\u000a\u000aA couple downsides.... \u000a\u000aWaiting outside in a line in the dead of winter.  The lobby is so small you're forced to wait outside until the first show starts or the first show let's out.  And if you want a good seat, you may be waiting in line for a while.  BURR!\u000a\u000aThe two drink minimum. I kinda get why they do it, to make money, of course. But this means they jack up the prices of watered down drinks. Better to stick with beer and wine at these places. No frou frou drinks for me! \u000a\u000aAlso, as to be expected, the food's not that great. In a perfect foodie world, places that served food would make it fantastic! Since that's not going to happen, you just go into those places hoping for the best. I've never had anything great here. Nacho platter too many re fried beans, to little nacho's....annnnnd I'm out! \u000a\u000aSo what did we learn here? Good venue, stick to beer and wine and eat at a better restaurant beforehand. The talent is really what you're there for so, enjoy the show!
p822
aVI've been here twice now, and like the others you really only come to Improve Comedy Club for the show. Very reasonably priced for shows  though they have the two item minimum so would suggest they all be drinks.\u000a\u000aThe food leaves little to be desired. We decided for the sake of time to grab dinner at the venue since the show started at 7. Having a free appetizer coupon we ordered the spinach and artichoke dip along with the sauteed grilled chicken. Spinach and artichoke dip was good though cheesy rich along with cheese sprinkled on top of the chips. Sauteed grilled chicken - hmmm.... I think the chicken was frozen - definitely not fresh - and the guacamole was artificial with a glop of cheese. It looked like a mess with big ole pile of fries. A lot of food for $10. Service has always been pleasant though they do automatically tack on the tip for you at 18%.
p823
aVThere's nothing like a Saturday night filled with some good laughs, a few chuckles and a couple of good guffaws thrown in for good measure.  That's exactly what we enjoyed on Saturday night!\u000a\u000aWe hit the comedy club for an evening of Tammy Pescatelli - the hubby and I have enjoyed her routine on TV and on the occasional DVE morning show..  She didn't fail to give us a good evening of laughs!  The big surprise, was Gene Collier - yep, of the Post-Gazette sports writer fame - as the opener.  What a great opening act!  He cracked wise about the perils of being 58 and a baby boomer.  We could relate!\u000a\u000aThe sightlines were lacking.  There was a rather large woman at the table in front of us with massive Pittsburgh BIG HAIR.  All night long my own head bobbed from side to side as I attempted to actually watch the show, and not just listen to it, as she reached repeatedly and unceasingly for her tableful of snacks.  \u000a\u000aWith a 2 drink minimum, my first drink was weak and the 2nd was quite strong!  All in all, the two balanced each other out.  But then, you don't go for the drinks, do you?  An enjoyable evening!
p824
aVTom Green was appearing here on Jan 22, 2012. He was hilarious. \u000a\u000aThe Improv is an excellent comedy club, in past shows I've seen Jim Krenn, Margaret Cho, Billy Elmer, and so many more I forget. Much like Live from the Improv on TV, the brick back drop makes it feel like the NYC Improv. \u000a\u000aHint: eat elsewhere, the food isn't so great, have an appetizer until you get to another restaurant, most comedians head over to the Rock Bottom after to imbibe. Dave Attell is a regular at both places. Two drink minimum, drink them slow and go elsewhere after the show.
p825
aVDecent, clean (as far as I could sense in the dim)... about on par for what you'd expect for a higher-end comedy club.  That includes the $10/drink, two-drink minimum, automatic 18% gratuity, and the comic spouting out the obligatory, "don't forget to tip your waitress."\u000a\u000aTrying to judge the place on its own merits and not on the entertainment value of the comics.  (If the latter, since we were here for Frank Caliendo, I'd have given the place the full 5 stars if only for him alone!)\u000a\u000aTotal cash bled out of my pocket brought it down from what could have been a 4-star experience for us.  $80 for tickets online included $10 "service fee" and tax (we had to: this was a sold out show).  Add $25 for drinks, gratuity, and more tax.  We're talking 3-digits of $$$ for less than 2 hours of entertainment squeezed in between other patrons and glass-wielding servers while you sit on rickety chairs.  That's what a headliner act will cost ya!\u000a\u000aWill you see us here again?  Probably... but cost makes it unlikely to be a weekly thing for us.
p826
aVYou know that place where you've never gone, then you go, then you're going all the time? Well the Improv for me is one of these places.\u000a\u000aI am thankful to have a venue to see some of my favorite comedians.  Most recently I saw Hannibal Burris, Tommy Johnigan and Doug Benson. All three performances were a hooting good time. \u000a\u000aOn Saturday afternoon at 2:20pm I went to see Doug Benson I was accompanied by my boyfriend. You may know Doug Benson from the hit documentary "Super High Me."\u000a\u000aOk so: \u000aPROS \u000aWonderfully talented comedians \u000aClean bathrooms \u000aPretty wait staff \u000ahas Coors Light on tap ( 5.75 per draft) \u000aEvery seat in the house is a good seat \u000a\u000aCons:\u000aExpensive drinks\u000aExpensive food \u000aFlavorless food \u000aDirty silverware \u000aFar from my house \u000aMayo with french fries \u000a\u000aAny way, I have enjoyed all my visits to the Waterfront.  I can certainly see myself seeing more shows at the Improve.  The club is well maintained and the wait staff is friendly. \u000a\u000aBring a lot of money with you, you're going to need it. I don't know if it's true everywhere but at this Improve there is are 2 item person, minimum order requirement.  \u000a\u000aThey served us warm Mayo with our fries, what is this Holland!!! That sh*t was gross. It was both gross and also unusual.\u000a\u000aAnyhow to catch a comedy show at the Improve is a pleasure.
p827
aVThe place does what it does best - Comedy.  The food, however.  Blah.\u000a\u000aFirst off, If you go to a show, please note there is a two item per person minimum.  This means that from their extensive menu of overpriced bar food and drinks, you are REQUIRED to choose two items each.    \u000a\u000aSecond, the sodas are NOT FREE REFILLS!  I learned that one the hard way.  Get water. \u000a\u000aThird, before tipping your server, please make sure she hasn't already taken her cut out.  Even after paying for two very bland, overpriced meals and way too many Diet Cokes, I thought that my bill was rather high.  Upon further inspection, I noticed that my server had taken an 18% gratuity.  The menu explicitly says that an automatic gratuity will be taken out for parties of six or more, but there was only two of us and we weren't even drunk.  I found this tactic awfully presumptuous and left her tip at the 18% even though I typically tip well over 20%.    \u000a\u000aOverall, I don't like the idea of being required to purchase food just to see a comedy show.  I can see why they do it, but if I were required to buy a crappy popcorn and overpriced pop every time I went to the movies, I would be far less inclined to go as I am not inclined to go to the Improv again.
p828
aVThe Pittsburgh Improv is unfortunately another great idea hamstrung by the details of mediocre execution (some specific examples at the end).\u000a\u000aThe setup is nice, a delightful--if a bit sterile--reproduction of what you'd think a comedy club should like if you watch enough TV.  The interior is clean; the seats are comfortable; and it's an OK atmosphere to see a show and laugh.\u000a\u000aIt's too small, however, to attract many of the best acts, which limits its ability to ever become the central hub for Pittsburgh comedy.  Most of the big names that have recently come through Pittsburgh--Jim Gaffigan, Louis CK, Second City--all perform elsewhere (though they managed to get Bob Saget, to their credit).\u000a\u000aBut the biggest problem is the food and drink.  They're very up front about their mandatory two item minimum, but the forced service requires that you spend extra money and get interrupted by waitstaff at least several times during the show.  The prices are well above what I'd consider reasonable given the quality, and I'd begrudgingly--or even happily--just shrug off the cost the same way I would a stadium concession stand markup...but the food is bad.  You're forced to either (a) buy extremely overpriced drinks (3.50 for a soda, for example, with no refills--or ten dollars for one with refills), or (b) buy moderately overpriced food which you wouldn't want in the first place.  I thought the ten dollar chicken sandwich looked reasonable, until a few bites in I decided I'd rather just throw away the money than keep eating it.\u000a\u000aStill, I think this place has a lot of potential; the core idea is very workable; and they do attract some really good comedians.  Two stars for now, with high hopes for improvements.\u000a\u000aA few specific drawbacks which could be VERY easily fixed:\u000a1 - A lot of the drinks didn't have prices on them.  I know this isn't uncommon, but at a venue where every question you ask interrupts not only your own show-viewing experience as well as the experiences of your neighbors, it's an incredibly poor decision here.  Make everything on the menu exceptionally clear.  It's not that hard.\u000a2 - Put the drink prices on the website too.  An Improv representative has personally responded to many of these Yelp reviews, and she once said "Our menus and pricing are listed on our website, which makes for easy planning!"  I'm calling shenanigans.  Not all the prices are on the website, which makes for difficult planning.\u000a3 - Reminding me to tip my server during the show AND adding an automatic gratuity to the check makes me feel like you're trying to trick me.  It's kind of an unprofessional way to say goodbye to one's customers.\u000a4 - Since the $3.50 soft drinks don't come with free refills, the servers shouldn't ask "would you like a refill on that?" or anything of the sort.  They should ask "would you like another one?" instead.  They should also respond to requests for refills by saying "we don't offer refills, but I'd be happy to get you another one."  Just because there's a 10 dollar refillable soda option on the menu doesn't mean people all figure it out.  Most patrons don't even bother reading the beverage section of the menu if all they want is a standard beverage offered almost everywhere (like a cola or diet cola), and the reading difficulties imposed by the darkness make them even less likely to browse the offerings.
p829
aVI love the Improv. I think its a great way to start or spend a night! Nothing like a laughter filled night. I think its great that we get so many great comedians coming our way (Owen Benjamin, Pablo Francisco super funny Tammy Pescatelli not so much.)\u000a\u000aThings you should be aware of: The staff is really strict on the 2 drink minimum so be prepared to spend money on the pricey food and drinks. I kinda wish their menu was a little bit more extensive. Their service is spotty\u000a\u000aThe wait staff is a little iffy. I have been here MANY times and sometimes I get an attentive waitress and sometimes not. Most recently our waitress was rude, didn't bother with pleasantries and barely took notice of us. Also beware of the fact they automatically add gratuity. If our waitress was nice I would be more than glad to add to it but this time I was like no way!\u000a\u000ap.s. when I used my groupon I didn't have any trouble
p830
aVMy husband and I went to do something fun. The comedy was great!  The food, however, is mediocre at best. In addition, we were seated in the last row, and 10 minutes into the headliner they sat someone else at our table, so that they were in front of us. I could not see a thing. When we received our check, they had added an 18% gratuity without permission or notification.  I will not be returning anytime soon.
p831
aVWho doesn't love to laugh? The improv is a great place to go for a good show a few times a year. The venue is clean. The comedians are good, for the price, and many times you get a steal and can see a great comedian for a low price (i.e.Tommy Johnagin). However, be advised, if you attend more than one show every couple of months, you will see some of the same opening acts repeated. This is my biggest gripe with the Improv. I've been to the Improv about 3 times over the past 4 months and have seen the same opening acts a few times. I think they cycle through the same 4-5 comedians. Are there not more talented comedians in Pittsburgh? As noted in other reviews, another area of improvement is the drinks and food. I always attend the late showing so that I can eat elsewhere. The food is mediocre bar food at best. Nothing more needs to be said about that. I definitely don't mind the two drink minimum. I've been known to consume more than two drinks in one setting but, the drinks are insanely overpriced. $5 for a Miller Lite, $4 for a Snapple, $10 for a fountain drink with refills. You're better off having your two drinks during the show and going over the Sing Sing after for a draft .  . or four. In addition, since they started offering a large Groupon discount, the Improv has been packed. Be aware that if you only have two people in your party, they may seat strangers at your table who are 6 feet tall and block your view.
p832
aVWe came to the Improv for the first time on Friday night for my wife's work holiday party. We arrived early for dinner and drinks from a predetermined menu. Dinner started with a salad of clearly bagged, almost brown iceberg lettuce, with some croutons and frozen-then-thawed looking tomatoes that were pinkish at best. I took a few bites of this unappetizing poor excuse for a salad, and I can tell you it was downright tragic. Dinner arrived and since there wasn't any vegetarian options on this predetermined menu, we received a dish that was supposed to contain meat with the meat omitted. It was a huge pile of spaghetti in a bowl. It looked sloppy and tasted worse than it looked. The pasta was overcooked, and the tomato sauce was just watered down puréed canned tomatoes. I saw traces of onion in my dish but didn't taste them at all. I was so hungry that I salted the heck out of this abomination and took a few bites. Yuck. I didn't make a dent in this crapfest. For dessert we were given a choice of chocolate cake, which my wife ordered, and cheesecake, which I ordered. The chocolate cake had freezer burn. Inexcusable! It wasn't edible. The cheesecake was only a hair better, but it had obviously come out of the freezer as well. I know people aren't coming here for the food, but if you are FORCING them to order things off of your menu to fulfill some outdated requirements (two drink/two menu item minimum) then at least make some halfway decent food. It doesn't even have to be memorable...just not OFFENSIVE. Which it was!! Had I paid for any of this I would have made a huge stink, but I tried to be polite and push my food around and make small talk. \u000a\u000aThe comedians were good. The venue was nice-ish and we got to sit in the front because we arrived early for our "event". Not always the best thing in a comedy club (we only got picked on a little bit). But damn, I was hungry! I found myself fantasizing about all of the crappy Waterfront restaurants and how I'd rather be there...how I'd rather be heating up a discount microwave dinner...how I'd rather have a giant bowl of Captain Crunch...how I'd rather go back in time and eat spaghetti from my high school cafeteria...what a dreadful dining experience.\u000a\u000aMy car was also violated in the parking lot. I had an adorable German license plate on the front of my adorable German car which was stolen while I was eating hideous food, which was just the slap in the face I wanted when finally retreating to my car. I feel sick in so many different ways about this experience as a whole.\u000a\u000aThe Improv should consider outsourcing the food prep to a catering company. I truly believe that's the only thing that can save this place. Do yourself a favor and eat beforehand, and just order a beer. Well, two I guess. Other diners at our table complained about the quality of the cocktails so I'd steer clear of those. Unless there is a can't miss type of comedian here, I can't ever picture going back to the Improv. I'd give the comedians 4 stars, and the food ZERO stars.
p833
aVSpent New Years Eve at the Comedy Club to bring the new year.\u000a\u000a\u000aI am new but it was a good time.   We had unlimited champagne, fruit and cheese.   The comedy was good.\u000a\u000aThe service was great.\u000a\u000aThe atmposhere was okay but it was a comedy clud :-).   \u000a\u000aYou should check it out - Comedy clubs bring a little spice to the city :-)\u000a\u000aEnjoy!
p834
aVThis was my second visit to the club and it was still a blast. My girlfriends bought tickets for John Witherspoon for my bachelorette. We were all looking forward to it and it was hilarious! He was wonderful. \u000a\u000aThe servers were fantastic. They always came back to check in on us and make sure we had plenty to eat and drink. I suggest the Pink Cadillac for a drink as well as the cheese cake and chocolate cake for dessert. \u000a\u000aThe only reason it isn't 5 stars is because they had us wait an hour past the time we were to enter the building. We were to see the 9pm showing so the doors were to open at 8:45pm. They came out and explained that the show had run over and we wouldn't be able to even enter the building until 9:20pm. It was 28 degrees outside. We finally were able to enter the building, order drinks then the show finally started at 9:45pm.  The host did offer a blanket apology which was nice but hardly made up for the fact the show started almost an hour late.
p835
aVI have been here twice in the last month. It's a pretty great time. My first visit, the service was pretty poor and the food was cold by the time it got to the table. We had to sit all the way in the back and the comedian was not that good (although that is no fault of the club). But when I went to the second show, the service was much improved. The burger I ordered was fantastic and warm. Our waitress kept the drinks coming without interrupting us while the comedian was on stage. We were also able to sit in the front this time and it was a great experience. I'll be going back soon!
p836
aVGood! I can't comment on the food or the bathrooms, but from what experienced it was great! The drinks were decent, and I  believe you must order two items at minimum. The staff is quick, but they should have more people working on a Saturday night. Before you can ask for anything else they bolt to the next table or to the kitchen.\u000a\u000aThe comics we saw were funny as well. Will definitely go back!
p837
aVI love that we have a great comedy club in Pittsburgh with a great location at the Waterfront.  Perfect for a date night and I recommend going to a later show and grabbing dinner beforehand.  I received an online coupon code for $5 tickets for John Heffron. What a deal-def. check for deals before you pay full price for any shows here.  We went early to pick up the tickets at the ticket office.  People were lined up outside about an hour before the show and it was freezing out.  I had no interest in doing this so we grabbed a beer across the street at Rock Bottom. Once they opened the doors (15 minutes before show time) the line went quickly and even though we were at the end we still got seated at a table in the back.  It is not huge inside so there aren't really any bad seats.  They usually have an MC for the night who starts  warming up the crowd. This guy was funny and so was the opening act before John Heffron.  My only complaint about this place is that they have a two drink minimum and the prices are outrageous.  $9.50 for a mixed well drink and $7 for draft beers.  The soda was $3.50! Yikes!  At least we didn't pay full price for the tickets.
p838
aVI was so excited when my husband gave me tickets to go here to see funny man Bill Crawford, part of the DVE morning show for those of you who never heard of him.  That is funny because as I was telling people about going it became clear there are A LOT of people that haven't... Oh Well... Let me mention this was my first time there.\u000a\u000aSo I was warned in advance of the possible long waits outside and the two item minimum.  Well to my pleasant surprise there was no wait, walked right in, greeted, an usher showed us to our seats and we waited less than 5 minutes to be asked for our order.  This was nice.  I will say that the show started at 8pm, and we were there by 7:20 or so.  There were already people seated so we were by no means very early, and heck there were people with full course meals and tables of 10.  The price of the mixed drinks were not disclosed on the menu, leading me to believe that it may leave me short for the mortgage next month, but they did have a 60 minute dogfish head IPA for $6.00.  Now that may seem rather expensive and it is, but doable so I indeed did it... My husband got a domestic and it was between 4-5 bucks.  We opted not to eat there, as we were going to Rock Bottom after wards and I will get to that review later...\u000a\u000aSo the show was good.  There were moments that I think the comedians may have went off track and were just bantering, but luckily enough they rebound and got back to making everyone laugh instead of being uncomfortable.  There were a total of 4 comedians, the MC, and two opening acts for Crawford.  I actually really enjoyed them.  \u000a\u000aThe one or two things I didn't like about the place.  The bathrooms are in the lobby.  As this seems normal there is no separate area to enter back into the room without having to make your way through people who are waiting to be seated... This was/is stupid.  I was actually nervous that they were going to stop me and ask for my ticket which they safely secured at my first entrance.  The same also goes for smoking.  Since we were so early I took a break and it was again awkward reentering.  Maybe they need to have some type of system to get around this.  A stamped hand?  A ticket stub?  Not sure but I know I would have felt better unlike feeling like I was sneaking into the place.  \u000a\u000aI would definitely return to the Improv.  I just hope I always have a rather positive experience!
p839
aVIt isn't often that my wife and I get to go out, but we had tickets to see the WONDERFUL Lisa Landry and figured since we were going to the Improv, we may as well eat there too. I should have gotten on here and read the reviews before making that decision. We had what seems to be a typical experience at the improv. We were handed a paper menu with 4 items on it when we walked in the door. There was no other menu at the table and our waitress didn't offer us one either. She wanted our order, but as we were looking around the place, we realized that most of those around us were eating items that not on the menu provided to us. When asked about another menu, our waitress told us if we give her our drink order, she'll see what she can do. The table next to us handed over their menus so we had something to work with. Our drinks came, we finally put our orders in...and that was the last time we saw our waitress for almost a full 30 minutes. When she finally came back, all she wanted was to know if we wanted a 2nd round of drinks. After 30 minutes I was finally going to get a second beer! "What about our food?", we asked. "Oh", was her answer. Now, according to the menu, dinner came with a side salad, a complimentary glass of champagne, and a chocolate mousse dessert. That's all good and fine. After a couple of minutes, someone, not our waitress, finally brought out our meals. When we asked him about our salads, his reply was "do you want me to take your food back?". Really?!?! "Do you want me to take your food back?" After almost 45 minutes at this point, we had received 1 round of drinks and had seen our waitress only twice and had just received our food. No, I don't want you to take our food back! Halfway through eating our meals, which were by this time cold, our waitress finally came back with our second beers. She asked us how everything was. We asked about our salads. She said she was told we didn't want them. REALLY?!?! Is this a joke? Is it somehow part of the comedy routine that was going on? Sadly, no. The service didn't get any better. The food was lousy. Thankfully the standup was great. Lisa, Lisa and Matt all put on a hilarious show. Will I ever go back? Don't know. It took us an hour and a half to drive the 16 miles to get there, thanks to traffic. I do know that if we do it again, we will leave the house much earlier and eat somewhere else. The two drink minimum works at the improv because you will not get your waitress to your table more than that to order more drinks. In case you're interested, I am a chef who has been in the service industry for more than 30 years and worked every position possible in restaurants and bars. So, yes, I do have a preconceived notion as to how service and food should be. Even on Valentine's Day.
p840
aVMy husband and I love going to comedy shows and have seen some pretty good acts at the Improv. Ticket prices aren't bad either. I am very particular about where I sit, and the person who seats you is willing to let you sit where you choose, especially if it's on a Thursday or Sunday night, since those aren't particularly busy nights.\u000a\u000aI did have one bad experience, which is why I'm giving this review 3 stars instead of 4 (it only takes one poor experience, people!). My husband and I went to see one of our favorite comedians on a Thursday night. There is a two-item minimum, so we decided we would just eat dinner at the show. Well, we were mistaken. First of all, our waitress was rude and slow. After sitting there for 5 or 6 minutes without service she finally comes over and asks what we want. We both order a drink and food, to which she tells us that the kitchen caught on fire earlier that day so all they have are salads and desserts. I was annoyed that she even asked what we wanted instead of starting out with this important fact.\u000a\u000aAt any rate, I order a Caesar salad and a beer. It comes out and it's iceburg lettuce with shredded cheese, tomatoes, and other veggies. In other words, a regular salad. I inform the waitress of this and she seemed totally confused. I suppose she did not understand the difference, which was odd. \u000a\u000aOverall, I felt that there was no apology for the fact we couldn't eat, let alone everyone else in the place. Salad or dessert aren't the greatest choices when you are expecting to eat dinner at the show. I think the Improv should have waived the two-item minimum on this occasions, even if it cost them money. \u000a\u000aAfterwards, I emailed the Improv with my concerns. Never. Heard. Back.\u000a\u000aThat being said, I will most likely return to the Improv....but not for the service. Because it's a great place to see comedy shows and isn't that expensive. Customer service is terrible.
p841
aVI went here for the first time the other night and had a great time!  The comedian was hilarious and it was a great intimate setting for a fun night out with friends!  My only complaint was that it was a little pricey for the overall experience because not only do you need to buy a ticket, but every person needs to buy 2 items of food/drink and the drinks aren't cheap (around $10-12).  However, I would definitely go back sometime!
p842
aVWast there last Friday. Seats right in front if the stage. The show was good. The headliner, while a bit long, was good. Fantastic service from our waitresses. Will definitely go back.
p843
aVIf The Improv chain didn't bring in such amazing comedians, this place would be totally screwed. \u000a\u000aI always have fun watching the comedians, but I can't help but leave with such a bitter taste in my mouth from how much of a rip off this place is.\u000a\u000aFirst you buy the tickets, but if you buy online you have an outrageous service charge. The real kicker is having to buy a minimum of 2 items during the show, beers are $5 or $6 and the cheapest things on the menu, I believe. Cocktails are $11-$13. I think glasses of wine are around $8. There is a pretty good selection of food options. \u000a\u000aThe improv does have a lot of great comedians who pass through! Even the opening acts are generally great! Line up early if you want a great seat right in the front! \u000a\u000aThe point is, a night at the Improv will be fun, but if you aren't prepared for it, it can end up being a pretty unexpectedly and unreasonably expensive affair.
p844
aVGreat night out.  I don't know if Christopher Titus set the ticket price or the club did, but at $25 a ticket, we will be going back often.  Great line up of top name acts coming to town.  extremely nice staff. highly recommend.
p845
aVAbsolutely loved it at the Improv! I saw Sheryl Underwood and she was fantastic. It was my first time being at the Improv. After years of saying that I wanted to go, it really did meet my expectations! The ambiance is inviting, with warm lighting and a good amount of seating for a smaller place. We were 8th in line so we had good choice of seating, though we were encouraged to fill the seats in the front by the stage first. The seating is layered in tiers. Each tier has a long booth with tables and chairs for seating. It was very comfortable, roomy and an interactive set up. The stage is close to the seating (some tables are right at the stage) with little space between you and the comedian, which made it very interactive and fun. We arrived at the Improv around 9:45 pm for a show that started at 10:30 pm, with doors opening at 10:00 pm. We waited in line until the doors opened at about 10:15-10:20 pm, so they were really behind schedule. The show started around 10:45 pm with two opening comedians before the main act. The show was over around 1:00 am. The only negatives were that the staff was not very friendly and immediately told me that I have to buy a minimum of two items off of the menu. ($30/ticket isn't enough?) I was not hungry and did not want to drink, so this was a bit frustrating, especially because it wasn't disclosed on the ticket or anywhere else. The server did not hold us to the 2 minimum purchase requirement and my friend and I got away getting 3 drinks for the night. The food menu looked great and the prices seemed reasonable, though if you want water you are looking at $5 for Fiji or sparkling. It was $8 for a glass of wine. $11 for bottomless soda, complete with a take home Improv glass. The other thing that I didn't like was that an employee takes your tickets while you're waiting in line and marks your hands with a dry erase marker. After one bathroom trip, the mark was gone, so I think they need a more effective way to mark you as an already paid customer since the employee takes your proof of purchase. These negatives did not affect my overall experience negatively and I would most certainly go back! It is a fun place where you are guaranteed to have a good time with a lot of laughter!
p846
aVSo...we got here and seated by 635pm. Orders placed. Drinks served. Now it is 752pm. One of my party has still not received his chicken sandwich. I had\u000aMy shrimp diablo. It was as described. Spicy and good!!! But hour plus for a chicken sandwich is unacceptable. We also sent an order of chicken fingers back...dryer than sand. And my fiancés chicken Caesar salad chicken was as dry as the chicken fingers. Barely edible, in fact, she didn't eat more than 3 pieces of it. Upgrade the food service and this place would be somewhat a lil better.
p847
aVIt's sad that this the only place locally to see national comedy acts (other than the big 'uns in the Cultural District). I hate this place's M.O. The space itself is fine...only a few blind spots, nice intimate venue. They bring decent acts in, although they have a lot of repeats and need to bring in more new acts. But the two item minimum just infuriates me. Overpriced, shitty food and drinks. We went to see Lachlan Patterson last night (hilarious show, very nice guy, signed our CD and posed for photos with people). We dropped $40 on a chicken quesadilla, 6 hot wings, and 2 Yuengling drafts. The whole time I just sit there thinking about all the amazing places I COULD have eaten for $40. Burgatory is right down the street. Hell, TGI Friday's would have been better. I've been to other comedy places in other cities and they often have minimums but everything is either a lot cheaper or a lot better quality.  The Improv's saving grace is that they often have free or very cheap tickets.
p848
aVThe food is why I give them three stars.  Burger was processed and 1/2 raw, loaded fries where some random cheese.  Comedy depends on who you see.
p849
aVWent to see Bret Ernst (one of my fave Comedians).  Tickets say seating begins at 9pm for the 9:30pm show.  Well, a line had formed outside because they hadn't opened the doors.  That is all well and good if it is summertime but it was 4 degrees.  People stood out there upwards of 20 minutes, freezing.  They didn't let people in because they claimed the room was not ready.  Seating is first come, first served.  Whoever designed this place should be shot.  There is no lobby to hold people before a show.  The Improv in Cleveland is superb.  That location has a huge lobby and bar where you can mingle before the show and they have ushers seat you.  The Pittsburgh Improv is a disaster layout-wise.  Beverage service was fine.  It got really, really warm in the room and even the comedian was sweating like a freak show.  Of course Bret and Bill Crawford were as hilarious as ever but man, this Improv, as a comedy venue, sucks.
p850
aVWe've been to the improv comedy club twice now and both shows were amazing; even the opening acts! \u000a\u000aThe only downfall is the two drink minimum, which I understand, but their prices make it ridiculous. We stuck to beer because we knew it wouldn't be watered down. Our waitress was horrible. We did not have an opportunity to order our second drinks until the other waitresses were bringing out checks. If our waitress was more attentive, the club could have made more money off of us. Oh well. \u000a\u000aI would recommend eating at a restaurant before the show because the food menu is limited and overpriced. \u000a\u000aThe only other thing I'm not a fan of is the seating. We were fortunate enough to get there early and have the back of a booth. The last few people who arrived got the turned around seats in front of us. I feel that the club should invest in long, thin tables like bars have so everyone has a surface to put their food or drinks. \u000a\u000aOverall, we love the comedians so we'll definitely be back.
p851
aVNice little venue for quality fun.  I saw Greg Warren here last night and had a really good time.  \u000a\u000aCheck out yippit.com or sign up for Goldstar.com before buying tickets at full price. You can usually find substantial discounts for shows on one of those two sites. Sure there's a two drink minimum but I'm thinking that it helps pay for the comics and helps keep the price of admission down.  When you think about it, it's really a win-win.
p852
aVRoxy was very funny. Would definitely come back to see her!
p853
aVPositives: They regularly bring in national acts.  I have seen many of my favorite comics here.  Also, you get an opportunity to briefly meet the entertainers on your way out.\u000a\u000aNegatives: Drink prices are high, and food quality in respect to the price is disproportional.  Entertainer-wise, there is a local comic who opens up for many of the main attractions.  I have seen him open up no less than four times over a span of 3 years, and his act is exactly the same every time.  I have it almost memorized.\u000a\u000aContinue doing the things you do well, and try to improve the things that almost everyone on Yelp complains about, and you'll be looking at 5 stars from most.  No one wants to come to the Improv to get "Straint Up" (see what I did there, Improv?)
p854
aVI love a good night of comedy. But recently i have gone to a couple and they were not all that funny one was a special event too. I would recommend eating at another restaurant prices seem to be a little over priced.
p855
aVI went to The Improv tonight with my husband and some friends and saw Theo Von. So funny. We had a great time.  Waitress was friendly and very helpful without being intrusive during the show at all. Pretty few options for food, and when you're with 2 people who don't drink and there's a 2-drink minimum, or 2-item minimum, the minimal food options are kind of a bummer. But it was still a great time.
p856
aVQuality of the show and comedians = 5 stars. I saw Ian Bagg and he tore down the house. Just the opening 3 minutes of his act had me dying. I was involved in bringing all the big name comedy acts to Ohio State as a student and I have to say I was really surprised at how good Ian's improv was. So there's no complaint here. \u000a\u000aQuality of Groupon's value = 1 star. So I still had to pay for tickets. Yep at $20 for 2 people. Not bad but the 2 item minimum is zero bang for your buck. The menu online is incorrect and the actual prices are EVEN higher than a $8 slice of frozen cake and $11 for a plate of 8 chicken nuggets. Holy moly, it's like cheap pub food at high end bistro price. Then you have to tip on top of that $50 bill (PLUS the $20 for tickets!) for two people and a crappy meal? Wow. I get that the place is trying to gouge money out of you for a good show. Well...try this--charge $25 per person for the tickets and have the menu be optional. This way, you can guarantee high ticket sales but also get the people who will drink and eat there regardless. \u000a\u000aPortions are reasonable, I suppose. I got the BLT meal and chocolate chip cheesecake. Left me very full but you best believe the only reason I ate there was because I needed to hit that 2-item min. Seating was pretty cramped because you'll have to sit with strangers. \u000a\u000aI went to the 7pm show which was great because you can be seated early and just eat while you wait for the show to start. I saw this longass line when I left that I assumed to be the 9:30pm show with everyone waiting outside in the cold. Seems like a crappy setup for the later show! Service was haphazard. Some of the waitresses seemed pretty attentive and quick but mine was particularly slow. He wasn't rude but twice I had to ask the other waitress for sauce and a water refill. We got up to get napkins ourselves. I would wave to catch his attention and he would hurry off the opposite direction. Ugh. \u000a\u000aPlease, Groupon, there needs to be reform on this pricing structure. Come out with a new deal of paying full price for the tickets and then waiving the 2-item minimum!
p857
aVWent there for a comedy open mic competition.  A friend of mine was performing--he was excellent and won his competition.  \u000a\u000aThe club itself is pretty nice--great layout and the staff were all nice.  I didn't drink so can't comment on the quality of food or drinks, but everything looked good and the wait staff seemed attentive enough.  \u000a\u000aLocated in Homestead in Waterfront area.  Not as cool as if it were in the city, but still pretty good.
p858
aVCame here for a show last week with my family and had a good time.  Our opening acts were not the best, but the headliner brought some good laughs from the crowd.  When we arrived the man taking tickets was very friendly and okay with the fact that 2 members of our party were not with us. We just told him what they looked like and he let us go through anyway.  \u000aWhat happened inside next was what I thought would lead to bad review.  We were a party of 5 and they have mostly 4 person tables and then long booth benches with cocktail tables in front of them.  Our host tried to seat us at a 4 person table with a 5th chair on he end only to have a very rude waitress come up and say we couldn't do this. Our host then said "she's your waitress and you\u000aDon't want to make her mad already". They then tried to seat us in between parties on the booth bench against the back wall which with large men in our party that was not okay.  We decided to move to an end table and try again with a 5th chair and the waitress in this area was fine with it and extremely friendly. She saved the review! The drinks were fine, the wine list in not great but for comedy club drinks it was expected.  Kudos to our waitress for being accommodating and pleasant, just wish they were all.
p859
aVWent for the first time last night and despite some of the iffy reviews, we had a great time. All of the staff was friendly, from the host at the front to the other staff and the wait staff was attentive (but we didn't get food, so I can't speak for how quickly ordering and getting food would be). Prices for drinks are a bit much, for 4 small drafts our check came out to about $50, but I did snag tickets on Goldstar for $10 a piece so I feel like it probably balanced out and the 3 comedians were great so I won't complain. I will say the food didn't really look all that great in comparison to the prices, but I can't speak for how it tastes. Overall, it's a fun place, no issues, I'd go again.
p860
aVThe Waterfront at Homestead is insane, and saves me the trip of driving all the way to Ross Park Mall. Anyway, the Giant Eagle here is enormous, as you'd imagine. It's still a standard Giant Eagle, aka the best grocery store ever.
p861
aVThis is the best Giant Eagle in the area and is the most like grocery stores in Bay Area. Here's why:\u000a\u000a1. They sell beer!\u000a2. Huuuuuge produce selection\u000a3. Natural/organic foods section: cereal, pasta, soups, etc and fancy chocolate bars\u000a4. Long isle of ethnic foods includes mexican, indian, italian, asian and , of course, jewish\u000a5. Functioning bakery with fresh, appetizing breads and desserts (I am still loyal to Allegro Hearth though)\u000a\u000aThe store is huge and I haven't been to all of it yet but they also have nicer flowers, balloons, home/seasonal section, DVD rentals and a photo center as well as a drive-through pharmacy. \u000a\u000aIt seems as this GE just might be the answer to my grocery stores woes.
p862
aVProbably the most comprehensive supermarket in the county, if not all of southwestern PA. Its selection is considerably larger than what you can find in most Giant Eagles, and it has more upscale items. I live an easy walk from the Swissvale Giant Eagle, but I often drive to this location for the superior selection.
p863
aVNice Giant Eagle, not as nice as their new Market Districts, but you can look at this Giant Eagle and see how they came up with the Market District Idea and rolled with it. Fresh made sushi, good cheese selection, awesome bakery.
p864
aVWahhhhh!!!! They're remodeling this one and it's frustrating! I swear I don't mind change. I really don't~  I should have seen this coming.  There were telltale signs of this happening. First, they switched the pharmacy to the other end of the store where the now defunct Iggle video was. That's A-ok with me, I didn't use the pharmacy anyway. \u000a\u000aBut THEN, THEN they moved the whole toiletries section over there. They put my spaghetti and "ethnic food" section (by the way, I love that ethnic food includes spaghetti) to where my Tylenol was. My kitty food is now where my spaghetti once was. Can you tell how exasperated I'm getting?? \u000a\u000aDid I mention I don't mind change? But here's the thing, I really hate grocery shopping. It's kinda sorta my own fault because I must read every label to make sure I'm not eating something with 25 grams of fat and 5000 calories (even though ice cream may go into my cart from time to time.) So going to this Giant Eagle frequently was nice because I KNEW WERE EVERYTHING WAS. Now I don't....wahhh! \u000a\u000aOk, I'll stop crying. I know I'll eventually be back. I'm sure (??) it will be an even better more magical grocery shopping experience once they're done. But I can't take it for right now. I'll be forced to shop at the Ghetto Bird down in the Southside until my former #1 store is all shiny and new again.
p865
aVI like this Giant Eagle.\u000aThey have the organic section and they're currently(Feb 2011) in the process of remodeling too, which is both annoying (now) and exciting (for the future).\u000a\u000aPROS:\u000aAlways seems to be decent parking available;\u000aThey have those cute little double-tier carts;\u000aOrganics section;\u000aWine Vending Machine (that's freaking awesome--Yay, Pennsylvania!);\u000aLots of Self-Check-Out lanes;\u000a\u000aCONS:\u000aSometimes the staff is a bit cranky (but that can occur anywhere, i guess);
p866
aVAs far as GE's go, this location is great. It has basically everything you need and is well organized. You can find a lot of ethnic ingredients you can't get at other GE stores. They also offer a wine kiosk, hot bar, salad bar, and bulk olives. I would venture to say this is better than the market district.
p867
aVWaterfront Geagle is my primary market. Now that they've expanded and reorganized, I rarely even have to set foot in Target anymore. Yippie! There's a wine kiosk (suck it PA liquor laws), you can buy crazy expensive 6 packs, cheese market, bakery, salad and hot bar, butcher, florist, dry cleaners, international foods, pharmacy, and a little cosmetics/beauty/bath area. They usually have a sufficient number of lanes open, and it doesn't get nearly as crowded as Market District. I do wish a bulk spice selection was included as part of the expansion, but you can't always get what you want, I suppose.
p868
aVYou're getting an extra star for two solid reasons.  \u000a\u000aOne is because the remodel is over and the store is pretty again (and a bit fancier).  Two, and thee most important part, this iggle has the best quality and well made sushi out of any Iggle's out there!  Believe me, I've eaten many a rainbow roll from many different locations around the Burgh and nothing has compared.  Dare I say, it's as close as you get to going to a good sushi restaurant.  Bold statement, right? \u000a\u000aI  just love me some sushi and want it often, quick and convenient and this serves all those purposes with upholding the quality.  Need a quick sushi fix?  This place is it!
p869
aVThis is easily one of the best Giant Eagles I've ever been to. Huge. Very nice selection. Easily comparable to Whole Foods. Went to their cheese market, and was pleasantly surprised with the selection. I got Beemster Vlaskas, an amazing Gouda. Very large parking lot.
p870
aVThis place has amazing selection when it comes to some things and zero selection when it comes to others.  We popped in here a couple times over the weekend I spent in PIT and both times they didn't really have what we were looking for.  Visit #1: Liquid smoke.  Visit #2: Hawaiian rolls.  I know these items must exist in PA just not @G-Eagle.  \u000a\u000aThey did however have crazy selection when it came to things like....corned beef brisket or anything that has potato in it.  My californian mind was boggled by the variety of brands and cuts of corned beef that were available.  Too bad that wasn't what I was there for.
p871
aVoddly enough, of all the giant eagles i have visited in pittsburgh, this is the only location that carries the toothpaste that i've used for most of my life (outside of pittsburgh). the location is clean and the staff are friendly.  i sometimes resent having a market district being the closest giant eagle to my apartment, as many of the items that i buy there are severely overpriced. but whenever i run out of groceries and toothpaste at the same time, i take the hike down to waterfront to shop here, although they may not carry all the groceries that i'd like.
p872
aVThis is a absolutely beautiful Giant Eagle.  I only stopped in to grab a quick bite from the prepared foods section, but I was rather impressed by how clean it was.  It was 9 oclock at night, and they still had a huge section of prepared foods available.  The Starbucks inside was closed, probably due to the fact it was a Sunday night, but that is another plus!
p873
aVIn the market for unsalted cashews? How about oyster sauce? Ahhh, here's an easy one: bean sprouts?\u000a\u000aWell if you are, keep a crystal ball and rabbit's foot handy if you're planning on shopping at this Giant Eagle because you'll need both a soothsaying ability as well as a fair share of luck on your quest at this dive. \u000a\u000aFor a store of this size, they are frequently out of stock on items as common as jalapeño peppers to specialty foods items like flat rice noodles. Maybe I'm the only person in Homestead buying these items...wait that doesn't make sense, they'd be in stock if I were!\u000a\u000aDo yourself a favor and either go to the Greenfield, Regent Square or Kennywood Giant Eagles. All three stores are much smaller but seem to stock rare items like unsalted (or as of late sea salted) Xochitl tortilla chips and Honey Nut Cheerios.
p874
aVI'm with Rachel C. on this one. You get an extra star for being a pretty Giant Eagle and a Cafe with a very decent beer selection of 6packs and individual bottles. Even though the Giant Eagle in Robinson is better in my opinion you, Waterfront Giant Eagle, are not bad and pretty close to where I live.
p875
aVI drive near this Giant Eagle on my daily commute, so I shop at this location approximately once/week. The location is pretty, and the beer selection is descent. They carry my favorite lambic, so I really can't complain! They also have a very nice health and beauty section. Overall, they usually have the products that I need.\u000a\u000aMy only complaint would be wait time to check out. They never have enough cashiers at peak hours. The store has like 20 checkout lanes, but generally only 5-8 open at a time. I always dread checking out, and whenever I see that checkout lines look relatively clear, I hurry around the store and quickly gather the products that I plan to buy.
p876
aVI found everything I needed and I liked the expansion, the antipasta bar is on point and they sale Vanilla Coke which made my hubby very happy. \u000a\u000aGreat store.
p877
aVLet me preface this by saying, I generally compare all grocery stores to Publix, maybe even Kroger. That being said, the one thing Giant Eagle (GE) has going for it is the quality and selection of items. There is no question that it has everything you could want. That's where the praise ends. Let's just do this numerically...\u000a\u000a1. Prices are outrageous. If you walk 100 yards over to the Target next to it, you'll find some of the same items for 30-40% cheaper. A bag of Gevalia coffee is $7.99 at GE, the same coffee at Target is $4.99. And it's not just coffee, and not just Target. Giant Eagle has little other grocer competition in Pittsburgh. This being the case, if you're not near an Aldi's, Target or Walmart, you have to go to GE for stuff. They're banking on this lack of competition. \u000a\u000a2. Parking lots are thrashed every day, all the time. Now, maybe you don't care. But when I go in the morning, they've been open maybe 30 minutes and there are shopping carts littering the parking lot and the sidewalk in front of the building. They clearly don't bring them in at the end of the night. They also rarely have any small baskets near the door, you'll need to hunt for one. It's just laziness and a lack of care, on both accounts. They don't care about the appearance of the outside, nor the convenience for the customers. \u000a\u000a3. I don't normally mind the self-checkout, but only if I have a limited number of items. If I need a full grocery order, I'm going to have to wait in line for one of the two cashiers working the registers, on a Saturday. The lack of customer service in this regard is atrocious. I'm already paying exorbitant prices, but I also have to ring up and bag my cart full of groceries too? Walmart doesn't even make you do that!\u000a\u000aSo that's about it. If you don't mind paying much higher than average grocery prices, ringing and bagging your cart full of groceries and generally being an afterthought as a customer, than Giant Eagle in Waterfront is awesome!
p878
aVThis review is specifically for the DFS cleaners at this Giant Eagle location.  I dropped clothing off for the sake of convenience once (I really should have known better).  Never again.  My items came back completely covered in lint.  I could let this slide, however my pencil skirt was safety pinned to the hanger.  The weight of the skirt caused even larger holes than what were placed there by the pins.  Being that it's a pencil skirt designed to have a blouse tucked in, there's no way that I can wear it again.  This was an expensive skirt, completely ruined.  Very disappointed.  Again, this review is just for the dry cleaners.  The rest of the store is actually better than a lot of other GE's I've been to in Pittsburgh.  Just don't take your dry cleaning here.
p879
aVI've stopped by here a few times (most recently tonight) to pick up random groceries.  This store is located next to one of the bike trails that I frequent, hence its convenience despite being fairly far from my apt.\u000a\u000aOn the positive side, I appreciate the size of this store and the selection of products.  In terms of size, it's larger than the Shadyside Market District (my normal grocery store, hence my standard of comparison), and I'd say the product selection is very similar.  Unlike the MD, when I've visited, the aisles have seemed fairly empty of customers, which may be due to the times of my visits (usually between 7-8pm), as well as the size of the store.  Because it's not a Market District, the prices are a bit less expensive, which is nice.\u000a\u000aOn the negative side, the checkout always seems to take forever due to slow customers and/or employees, despite that I've only purchased a couple of items at a time.  The "express" lanes move at the speed of molasses, and the self-checkouts are even worse.  Speaking of which, this store has *way* too many self-checkout lanes (about a third of the lanes), and the non-express ones with the belts are unintuitive.\u000a\u000aPrior to tonight, I would have awarded this store a rating of 4 or perhaps even 4.5.  However, checkout tonight was even more of a PITA than it usually is.  None of the normal express checkout lanes were staffed with cashiers, despite that I saw at least one employee loafing around talking to another.  So, I was forced to use one of the many self-checkout lanes.  Normally, I don't mind this, esp. when I'm only purchasing a couple of items, but the empty self-checkout lane that I spotted was one with a conveyor belt, and I couldn't figure out how to use it (not that it mattered, since I had only one item, but the self-checkout lanes must be operated using a very specific procedure--see below).  So, I moved over to one of the express self checkout lanes (similar to those in the Shadyside MD), which I knew how to operate.  However, I still managed to bungle the process since I forgot to scan my one item *before* I put it on the scale that doubles as a bagging station, so I had to wait for one of the ever-so-slow employees to come over and key in an authorization code so I could pay.\u000a\u000aI'm not sure if the self-checkout stands that GE uses are standard in the industry, since I've never used them anywhere else, but I *hate* the whole weighing/bagging process.  In order to use the self-checkout stations, each item must be scanned and then placed on the scale, and if the weight isn't correct for any reason (including using your own bag), an employee is summoned to check it.  I assume the intention is to prevent people from shoplifting, but (1) it's a major PITA for both customers and employees; (2) most of the employees (including the one I dealt with tonight) don't care, and just key the code without even looking at the error message explaining why they were summoned; and (3) I doubt most shoplifters pay for any of the items they're pilfering--they most likely just stuff them into their purse, clothes, etc. and walk out!  /rant\u000a\u000a3.5 stars.
p880
aVJust about every you need.\u000a\u000aWith great hours, a solid hot bar, sushi (if you're into that),  a dry cleaning service, pharmacy, tons of produce, bakery and butchers counter you can't go wrong. Two things that drive me crazy always needing to use my perks card for self check out and the lack of hand carts in the front. I always have to walk to a lane and hunt for a basket then double back, super annoying. \u000a\u000aThat said its a small, and easily repairable (hint) issue that shouldn't keep you from visiting.
p881
aVI don't know why, but I just can't like this location very much.  I lived in the area for a little over three years and would always go to another GE before this one.  Maybe it's the way it's set up or maybe it's the way that the lighting seems so very dim.\u000a\u000aThe selection is typical for any GE, broad and expansive.  Some prices are a bit steep.  \u000a\u000aThis location, like many others, has expanded their pharmacy/health care area.  Which is nice, it saves an extra trip to a drug store.
p882
aVOne of the best grocery stores in the area. Good produce, wide variety of cheeses, good cuts of meat and there's even a six pack shop on the premise.
p883
aVYears ago I would have given the Big Bird 2 stars. What changed my mind? Competitive pricing. \u000aThanks, GE for making it worthwhile to shop your sales. While your no Aldi, you definitely are winning on this front. \u000a\u000aThis is my goto GE. Always clean, organized and great selection. Added beer a couple years ago and the deli, prepared foods are up to par as well. \u000aAlways busy and parking never an issue.
p884
aVThis is a review of the Pharmacy. After having them screw up a third time I felt that others should know that this is a pharmacy to avoid. The first time they misread a prescription and gave me the wrong dose of Synthroid, about 1/10th of what I needed. I ended up so sick after 2 weeks of taking too little that I was half dead before the problem was caught. Their response when I told them was to say "oops" and "it won't happen again". Not even a sorry, and it never did happen again b/c I went to Costco after that. This latest time was classic. I came with a simple scrip. Costco was closed so I went to Giant Eagle. After 45 minutes the finally inform me that they can't fill it b/c the scrip isn't specific enough (it was for a common antibiotic, nothing complicated). They didn't bother to call me earlier or tell me sooner, just made me wait and wait and wait until I pitched a fit to tell me that they couldn't fill it. It was late and I went to Rite Aid in Sq. Hill with the same exact scrip and they had ZERO issues filling it quickly. WTF? How can it be easy peasy at Rite Aid but Giant Eagle can't even muster the effort to tell me that they are too incompetent to fill it out? I wonder if there is even a legit pharmacist working there at all. It seems like they aren't even staffing the pharmacy with trained techs, just random people off of the street. \u000a\u000aDon't waste your time, or risk your health. Go to any other pharmacy in town, avoid Giant Eagle.
p885
aVI luv store, plenty of cashiers. My father eats there couple times a week. He is a senior citizen and he usually get free coffee because he is a veteran. Last week he was told they no longer doing that program. Today he went to the Edgewood Giant Eagle and they gave him free coffee.
p886
aVThis giant eagle is one of the only things I miss about  old house. The produce section and deli were great. Also had an overall nice selection of everything.
p887
aVThis is a great supermarket!  All of the staples.  Great deli, market square and bakery.  Fresh produce and extra convenient to have vegetables and fruits cut and packaged.  Love the fact that I can shop, drop dry cleaning, and pick up pharmacy items in one stop.  Close to other shopping and wonderful restaurants.
p888
aVI personally like this giant eagle. I dont think i've given any GE 4 stars, so thats saying something. \u000a\u000aI should start by saying that i live in southside, so most GE's are equal or worse than that location.  The waterworks location is decent in my book. They sell beer, they have a cute little cafe sitting area, they sell "meals for 2" in their prepared foods section, produce always seems great, cashiers are friendly ect. The location seems pretty large. I also like how there are 2 entrances (one at pharmacy.) The parking lot is pretty large so it helps having another entrance for cold or rainy days. I am at this location alot more than the southside GE since my gym is in the waterfront. It makes it easier to get everything done in one plaza.\u000a\u000aI can't hate on this GE. It seems similar to a market district but i dont believe that it is...... yet.
p889
aVOne comfy seat in the entire place, but they have a cafe, they have good books to look at, and they are open until 11pm.  What more could you want?  Why an APPLE PURSE of course!  And a nice Earl Gray tea thrown in for good measure.  Wow...I love this place.  I am such a nerd...only a nerd would enjoy going to a book store and reading as much as I do.  The extra amenities just make it that much more enjoyable.
p890
aVLike any Barnes & Noble, it has a nice comfy cafe, and a large selection of books.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  They stock a decent selection, and the prices are pretty reasonable.  Obviously it's hard for them to compete with Amazon.  However since all the small shop bookstores are gone, it's nice to walk into one every once in a while.
p891
aVI still cannot believe that Pittsburgh has no independent bookstores!  As a result of this I have ended up spending a fair bit of time at this Barnes and Noble location.  As with all Barnes and Noble stores it has a cafe and a decent selection of popular titles.  I am a bit surprised at how smallish it is compared to other stores in this chain.  \u000a\u000aThe bargain section seems to be perpetually picked through.  The selection is ok in that it is well stocked but sometimes a bit disorganized from other customers pawing through the books, less popular titles are a bit hard to find.  The customer service here is pretty good.\u000a\u000aThey could use more chairs.
p892
aVGreat Barnes and Noble location, and they have plenty of books that'll help you pass the time.
p893
aVBarnes & Noble, it's like the Wal-Mart of bookstores.  Beating down the competition of other now defunct national competitors and mom and pop type stores alike.  \u000a\u000aI'm not quite sure whether I'm in a cafe, at a newspaper stand, a book store, a CD shop, a movie house or a flea market sometimes.  With all the tables and shelves that  you have to dodge it's a bit hard to figure it out.  Feels like the place should implode on itself and then reform into an audio book about coffee.\u000a\u000aI don't know about y'all, but I'd rather buy my books from a place that has more knowledge about the merchandise they are selling than a national chain like this.
p894
aVSuch nice staff.  \u000a\u000aI really lament the decline of the modern bookstore.  I really enjoy browsing and picking up a new book.  \u000a\u000aThe store has a great selection and the staff are always helpful and kind.  \u000a\u000aI really hope this store stays here for some.  The prices are also fair and often have great discounts.
p895
aVI find this location, clean and well organized, but that's not the reason it's getting 5 stars! \u000a\u000aI called today to look into whether or not their May issues of magazines were out (I need them for my job) and Erin so kindly went checked on every single magazine I asked about! \u000a\u000aNow that is customer service! \u000a\u000aWell done, well done!
p896
aVI have to agree with Matthew U on this one. I do enjoy Barnes & Nobles but sometimes i get lost just trying to find a darn calendar. I went here after a dinner date with some neighbors and couldn't believe how packed it was. We had to wait 10 minutes just to find enough chairs to seat 4 people. We ended up stealing them from other tables. Not to mention my hubby stood in line for 15 minutes just to get an Ice tea lemonade.\u000a\u000aSo amidst all the books, newspapers and magazines they have an audio and video section. The prices aren't anything to rave about. I can buy the same movies online for a lot cheaper there's just the waiting period. I do shop here sometimes for there discount books. I found a lot of great recipe and mystery books for really cheap, like under $5. That's a pretty good deal but considering there is a half priced book store who has a great selection of books for literally half the price of retailers, how can you beat those prices. \u000a\u000aB&N is more of a hangout spot with books in case you want to buy one right there and then. But everything is kind of confusing you always need to ask where something is. I'd rather shop online for anything i really want. It's just not worth it to buy it wholesale.
p897
aVThis bookstore is absolutely packed full of stuff! They have lots of books, a display of Nooks, DVDs and CDs, miscellaneous items like notebooks and calendars, and a cafe. Though a large assortment is nice, I feel like the space is very cramped. I have purchased a couple books from here - which were pretty easy to find - and have purchased food items from the cafe. \u000a\u000aThe cafe is not very impressive. I've been pretty underwhelmed by all the food items that I've purchased here. I got a slice of quiche here last night when I only had 10 minutes before a hair appointment at Ulta across the street. Not only did they take 5 minutes to microwave it, but it also came out smelling burnt and burning hot. \u000a\u000aA little band was singing and playing a variety of instruments while I was here. I wasn't very impressed until I realized that they were high school kids. I thought it as really nice that Barnes & Noble would let them perform in the store... and a great way for B&N to get a lot of their family members in the store, too.
p898
aVAre B&N not allowed to have lounge areas anymore? I used to love studying and doing work in their comfy chairs and sit there allllll day... but I feel like within the last 4 years or so, I haven't been in a single B&N that had such areas anymore. I love books and have always felt that B&N can give you a good deal. But I'm not a fan of this particular location because it's not that big. Although, it is pretty clean!\u000a\u000aThe Starbucks area they have is okay. The starbucks employees in these types of locations are always not the best..but I don't go there for the coffee obviously. I do find it annoying that they don't take Starbucks giftcards though - I believe they take B&N giftcards and you can also apply your B&N membership discount.\u000a\u000aAlso, their bathrooms are pretty atrocious. If you can hold it, I would advise you to hold it.\u000a\u000aParking: the location is within a shopping area..so I wouldn't say it has it's own private lot per se, but it's an open lot and not actual 'street parking.'
p899
aVI love books. I love to look at them, hold them, read the cover, thumb through the pages, and then finally I love to dig into a juicy story. When I'm in the area I love coming in here for a latte and book browsing/reading. Most of the time I cave and buy a book.\u000a\u000aThis store is clean and their employees are helpful and kind. They have two entrances/exits available, a fairly large section for movies & music, study guides, and other organized sections like self-help and history. I personally love the variety of cook books there. One of the attractive points of this store is a cafe. I can come in, sit down, read a magazine or book and just chill. The downside is the chairs aren't super comfortable (to me) and the cafe is usually packed with people. I wish they had more seating options around the store.\u000a\u000aIt's a convenient location to come in and kill some time like others have mentioned. There's a lot to find in there so come back and browse!
p900
aVThere is nothing like a book and no better place to find one than a book store. \u000a\u000aThis Barnes and Noble carries on a long history of excellence. They always have an extensive selection and a friendly staff that is willing to find what ever book you are seeking.
p901
aVIt seems every time we go to Waterfront we end up coming here every time. I like the store but it seems rather daunting in that it's so huge.  Pretty much every time we come here if we haven't already hit up the Starbucks in the middle of the walkable part of the Waterfront where many of the retail stores are we'll go to this one which isn't that far away.\u000a\u000aThere's much more seating at this Starbucks than the one in the middle as well as it just feels less cramped.  The store hasn't changed much, most of the special and clearance stuff is at the front while the alternative entrance at the back is where all the music and movies are.  The store is pretty organized though by type whether it's children's, fiction, magazines, games and toys etc there's pretty much something for everybody.  \u000a\u000aThe Nook section is pretty much right when you walk in through the main entrance.  I do like this store however I wonder how long it will exist with everything like Amazon and e-Readers changing how people get their material these days.
p902
aVWent to Barnes and Noble Waterfront with 3 books on my list.       First one there were several books by the same name so they wanted the name of the author.  Went to look it up on my phone.....Barnes and Noble wifi had blocked me.  Wanted me to sign it and allow them access to my information....NOT.  Long story short they only had one of the 3 books I was looking for and it was $4 less on Amazon....Lost this customer.
p903
aVTheir food is amazing. They have a deal that you can get a soup and salad for 6.95! Also they have drinks from Starbucks and deserts from the cheesecake factory. What I'm eating right now is the tomato caprese which is delicious and their soup which is homemade chicken noodle soup which is awesome and the tiramisu cup which I never had before. You should try it if you're in the waterfront in homestead.
p904
aVI stopped in here yesterday looking for something specific...I wanted to find a book with lateral thinking puzzles or some type of mini mysteries. You know, the kind where there is a short story (2 or 3 pages) with some type of problem or 'who-done-it' to solve at the end. My bestie and I go to the pool a lot in the summer and I thought it would be something fun to sit and read while we were lounging out. I used to read them all of the time when I was younger and thought it would be something different. And yes, I know I could check online but, hey, I was already here.\u000a\u000aAny-who....I go in and easily find the "customer service" area, which is located in the middle of the store. It is a round kiosk. One woman is being waited on by an employee. There are 5 other employees standing behind the kiosk, talking among themselves. One of the workers notices me and comes over to help. I tell him what I'm searching for and he quickly looks it up on the computer. He takes me to an area of puzzles, but they are crosswords, sudokus, coloring books, etc. I tell him these aren't what I'm looking for. He said he might have something where the magazines are. He goes off to check while I look around. He comes back with some magazines, but it still isn't what I'm interested in. (sorry c dub). I thank him and continue to browse on my own. \u000a\u000aPros: the place is clean and well organized. Areas are pretty well marked by genre, discount books, cards, etc. The guy who assisted me was friendly and tried to be as helpful as possible. \u000a\u000aCons: They didn't have what I was looking for. Also, it was not very appropriate to see a bunch of staff standing around the middle of the store while there are a lot of customers around.
p905
aVone of my favorite places to go in pittsburgh with friends. good place to chill, eat, drink and watch the game, and maybe some pool afterwards. the food is not bad, they have pretty good deals for those who are on a budget. "dollar burger night" where you build your own burger is fun, but the patties can be dry sometimes, so remember to get them sauced. iceberg wedge salad is a good salad to have, the wings arent as good as you would like, i had tried the spicy killer ones and didnt even have to drink water. but overall its a nice place to go because it's cleaner than most bars you will go and it serves better food than other places as well.
p906
aVNice venue,  good food, great beer, awful service.  Staying at the Sheraton here I've patronized Bar Louie a dozen times recently and they screw up the order in some fashion every single time, without exception.
p907
aVI stopped here yesterday with Rob and Matt after golf to have a few drinks prior to seeing "The Hangover" at Loews across the street.  Incidentally, "The Hangover" is one of the funniest movies I've seen in years and worth the $10 to see it in the theater.  Okay, back to the restaurant the space itself is very nice.  There are plenty of hightops, plasmas and a few booths.  It's spacious and they have outdoor seating and open windows.  We sat at the bar and were greeted relatively quickly by the bartender who was tending a pretty much empty bar.  I ordered a guinness as usual, Rob ordered a long island iced tea and Matt had a miller light.  Make sure and tell them if you want a top shelf tea else you'll be getting the stuff in the plastic bottles.  I sampled Rob's long island tea and it was not that good way too much sours.  The next one he ordered was much better after a little guidance to the bartender.  The bartender herself was okay, not too friendly but quick enough with the pours.  I don't remember her name which is usually not a good sign.  We ordered a few things from the appetizer menu.  We started with the chips and salsa.  The chips were crisp enough, but not served warm and the salsa had some spice but the colors were a little off kind of looked like the color of pea soup.  Rob then ordered the philly cheese steak sliders.  I tried one it was okay I guess  the bun was warm and it was pretty loaded with cheese and onions.  He asked for a side of mayo and they said they were out, which is bizarre because there is a giant eagle a couple blocks away.  This pretty much sums up my experiences at the Bar Louie's I've been too.  They kind of do just enough for me to come back but rarely make any real effort with service.  Maybe I'm being too critical... I tried to order the baked goat cheese, but they were out... So, I settled on the hummus appetizer.  This was surprisingly pretty good.  The pita was warm and toasted the hummus had lots of flavor and the tabouleh was edible.  It's probably best to stick to simple stuff when dining here.  Matt had the hot wings which I tried one and it was okay, your pretty standard mass produced chicken wing.  All in all this place isn't that bad.  If you want to grab a drink before or after the movie and you're more concerned with convenience than necessarily friendly service and really good food than you could do worse.
p908
aVFantastic food.\u000a This place is mainly a "bar" and does get crowded but I really like the pizza here.  In fact I've never had a bad meal.  The staff are ussually very helpful but it does get a bit loud inside when crowded.
p909
aVDon't even think about not getting the pretzel dippers its pretzel sticks with honey mustard, cinnamon butter, and a spicy queso dip. The queso is my favorite but they were all delish. I also got the bruschetta which was very garlicky but delicious. 5-7 M-F is 1/2 off appetizers so I was able to get both the pretzel sticks and bruschetta for 7 bucks as a meal. The menu had a pretty wide range- my friend very much enjoyed a pear and chicken salad. We didn't get drinks but some looked good...
p910
aVAn absolute must if you're going to a movie and want a drink ($3 drafts and $5 special martinis) and some half-off apps on a weekday from 5 to 7. However, we were bothered that none of the special martinis actually resembled a real martini. No gin or vermouth was used, it's mostly purees and champagne floats with flavored vodkas.\u000a\u000aAnyway, the small plates made for good "upscale" bar food. Half-price apps make for a cheap, but nice, dinner and a movie - great, great specials. However, I would not buy a full-priced dinner here. Nothing aside from the apps grabbed me for the outstanding price. The baked goat cheese was small but delicious, and the tempura fried shrimp was just right but the sauces didn't match up exactly.\u000a\u000aBe warned that the seats make you feel like you're going to be swallowed by them. Seriously, the booth was like sitting in the mouth of a whale.
p911
aVThe Pros: Great view of the city and river in good weather...  \u000aLovely for loud large groups\u000aVaried menu with some original items\u000aGreat place to watch a game inside with a huge bar\u000aFun location\u000aGood place to take out of towners.\u000a\u000aThe Cons: The food when I went yesterday was not great.  We got the wrong sandwich, our order wasn't as described because the kitchen was out of "lots of things"  (Tell us when we order, not when you deliver the meal without elements on the plate.)  \u000aCan be loud--not a place for a romantic date...\u000aThe bathroom condition was really bad.\u000a\u000aThe server did comp up an appetizer, and they were friendly enough.. they just failed to wow. \u000a\u000aThe view was great, and we did enjoy walking around seeing the fountain dance to "Pour some sugar on me"  seriously?!?!?  Yes!   Classy eh?
p912
aVWent there on Saturday night following a movie at loews.  We sat at the bar and watched the olympics on their  multiple large flatscreen tvs.   Ordered the calamari and shrimp quesadillas.   The calamari was crisp and plentiful the quesadilla however missed the mark.   It wasnt crispy and it tasty sauscy instead of gooey.   The menu is large and reminds me of epcot with all the different ethnicities represented.   gordan Ramsey would probably comment on the lack of focus at first sight.   Miller Lites are $4 a pop which was a big downer as i got my $85 bill for two apps and multiple miller lites.  \u000a\u000aGreat atmosphere and probably a fine place to watch the pens game.\u000aFood looks like its hit or miss\u000a\u000aAll in all would rather drive down the road to the south side for a post movie food grub and tottie.
p913
aVThe words "epic fail" get thrown around a lot these days....but I really feel like they apply in this situation.\u000a\u000aWe went on Friday, April 2 and arrived at 5:10pm.  It was busy, but not crowded....no waiting for a table.  Half price apps and drinks -- we ordered at 5:20.\u000a\u000aThe food (just appetizers, mind you...) didn't arrive till almost 6pm.  Drinks were ordered and were unbelievably slow.  We placed one order for 6 draft beers at 6:15...they arrived at 6:52.  *37 minutes for beer.*\u000a\u000aBy 7:00, we were canceling food orders which we'd given up on after waiting almost an hour.  We just wanted to leave.\u000a\u000aInstead of comping anything, they added 18% gratuity to each of our bills.  Uhhhh yeah.  Thanks for giving me one more reason never to come back.   We finally were able to leave around 7:30.\u000a\u000aBar Louie:  You are dead to me.
p914
aVI had the EXACT same experience as John R. Went here to get a quick bite to eat before seeing a movie across the street. The place was near empty and there were three waitresses. Got seated and waited on immediately. Ordered drinks, and it took them 15 minutes to come...no, not alcoholic drinks, two waters and an iced tea. This should have been a bad sign, but at this point we ordered food.\u000a\u000a20 minutes go by...we flag down our waitress, to let her know that we need to get to a movie in 45 minutes. She said our food would be out in a few minutes. Another 20 minutes, still no food, and our waitress is nowhere to be seen. We flag down another waitress, she says she will find our waitress, who we then notice is chatting with one of the other waitresses. She finishes her conversation and finally makes her way over to our table about five minutes later. She says she didn't even realize our food hadn't arrived (well, you never even checked on us, so of course you didn't). After speaking with the kitchen staff, she informs us that she "definitely" put our order in so it "must have been given to someone else by mistake." Because they wouldn't have noticed that that WASN'T what they ordered? Seriously?\u000a\u000aThe waitress told us she could give us our food for take out and, since we were starving, we reluctantly agreed. 10 minutes later, our food and the bill arrived. All that was comped was the iced tea, and we got some free utensils and wetnaps. How generous! We shovelled what we could into our mouths, did NOT leave a tip (thankfully, we didn't have the added gratuity that John had), and sprinted to our movie where we covertly finished our smuggled food. Worst part? I opened the wetnap, and it was totally dry. Of course.\u000a\u000aHowever, I gave this place two stars instead of one. That's because my food, when I finally got it, was perfect. I had the Greek burger and it was huge, cooked exactly how I like it, with delicious toppings. I really wish I could come back here for the food but...hell no.
p915
aVService has always been good and the food consistent, we usually come for happy hour when apps are half off and there's some great deals on drinks as well.\u000a\u000aThings that stand out to me: veggie wrap, fried zucchini, hummus tabuleh and tzatziki platter, and house salad with ranch (their ranch is so good I could eat it with a spoon)
p916
aVLet me just say that this used to be a place I loved.\u000a\u000aRemember when you'd go somewhere and have good food, great service and a general pleasant experience and then a few months you'd go back and have it all again? Well one day you decide to go back and you realized everything has changed in a way that you can't describe and the place is no longer familiar. To me, that is Bar Louie\u000a\u000aI can't say the food is bad. I had an order of the pretzel sticks for an appetizer and the cinnamon sauce tasted like water and the pretzels were stale. I will say I still ate them so shame on me. My  sandwich (the Mario) as always was very good.\u000a\u000aNow here comes the bad:\u000a\u000a1. There were fruit flies EVERYWHERE. I felt like we were eating on top of a garbage dump. At one point I had to get a new drink because one flew in my beer. I understand that the establishment is an indoor/outdoor place but there is no reason for 15 fruit flies to hover over my table.\u000a\u000a2. The place is enormous and they had one, very nice, but over worked server. The girl looked like she was about to have a heart attack because she never stopped moving.\u000a\u000a3. Because of number two our service in general was not good. I can't totally blame the girl she did the best we could. I mean. I've played Diner Dash on my iPad, I know what happens when a place fills up too quickly when you are the only one working.\u000a\u000aIt's sad when a place you love turns into a place you never want to go again. I think I'm being very generous by giving it two stars but because I used to love it so much I can't rate it that low. Part of me hopes it gets better, but like an absentee father it'll just let me down again.
p917
aVWe were going to see a movie that started at 9:40pm. The 2 of us got to Bar Louie at 8:30.  We sat outside, and it was nearly 30 minutes before the waiter even stopped to get our order.  I tried stopping a waitress but was told 'this isn't my table'.  Finally the waiter took our order.  1 Sam Adams light bottle, and one Pineapple Juice+Vodka.  After about 15minutes another waiter (maybe the manager I don't know) asked if we had been waited on. We said yes, and told him we had been waiting.  He left, and another (different) waitress came to bring us our drinks.. they were wrong.. My date was given vodka on the rocks. and I was given a Sam Adams.. \u000aThey took these back, and another 10 minutes before the correct order was served.. We told them to bring another round and the check.  It was 20 minutes before they returned.. and they forgot the check.\u000a\u000aBy this time we had to go to be on time for the movie.. my date asked for the check again so we could leave.. finally they brought it and I gave him my card, when he came back we signed it and left in a hurry to catch the movie.\u000a\u000afor 2 bottle beers, and 2 pineapple juice + vodka I was charged $31.03. I didn't have time to complain or ask. I won't be going back.
p918
aVFood was ok. Waitress was a huge air head. Waited 25 min for my $7.00 beer. Only got it after I reminded her. It is just another disappointing chain restaurant disguised as a local commodity.
p919
aVAlthough I wouldn't  travel out of my way to have dinner here, this is a resturant that I enjoy having a meal at, when I am in the Homestead water front. On all of my visits here I have enjoyed the tempura shrimp. The dipping sauce are to die for.  I've found myself craveing the tempura shrimp, and the accompanying sauces. \u000a\u000aThe first time I ever had dinner here was as a birthday dinner with me and my big sister. So this resturant has sentimental value to me. I attach eating here to having a special night out in the Waterfront. \u000a\u000aBar Louie has some very flavorful and fun dishes for bar food, that is.
p920
aVWhen the ratio to wait staff to diners is 3:1 you'd think you could get service!!!\u000a\u000aNothing erks me more then seeing idol wait staff and hungry patrons. I very rarely walk out of a restaurant with out having eaten first. I came here on Saturday ay 6pm. Almost none of the diners had food on their table and many of them didn't have drinks in the 15 minutes I was there I counted 9 waitress again I counted 9 waitresses and not a one of them came over to our table to get even a drink order. Just from the looks of it I could tell staying any longer would be a total train wreck. So after 15 minutes of waitress counting we left with empty bellies.
p921
aVI was looking to get out of the apartment on a really nice, sunny day and we decided to drive to Waterfront and walk around. All around great day until we hit Bar Louie for some drinks and appetizers.\u000a\u000aI am giving it one star, though it deserves none, because our waitress was nice, if a bit inattentive, and the hummus app we ordered was pretty damn good. Outside of that Bar Louie leaves a lot to be desired.\u000a\u000aThis is probably the first place I've been to where they charge $10 and up for all mixed drinks. To me, that is beyond ridiculous. Bar Louie is not an upscale restaurant, as much as they wish they were, and paying almost $60 for three drinks and two appetizers is insanity defined. \u000a\u000aAs I mentioned the waitress was friendly, but she definitely did not come back and check on us enough. I really wanted to like this place because of things I had heard and the drinks we had were really damn good, but if it want to spend that kind of money, I'll go somewhere that I can get good service.
p922
aVI came here last night to get a few appetizers before a movie, and was hoping to be able to write a review on the food. Unfortunately, I cannot because the service was so bad that I left before I had the chance to order. We found seats at the bar behind the taps. After sitting there for 5 minutes and not being acknowledged, we thought that they might not be able to see us, and so we moved to a different pair of seats in the middle of the bar, grabbing a few menus on the way so we would be ready to order. It was fairly busy, but it is not like there were people standing at the bar trying to get drinks - everyone was seated and I'm sure they face much busier times. We sat in our new seats for almost 15 minutes (I timed it - I am not exaggerating), and were not even acknowledged. You would at least think the bartender would acknowledge us and tell us he would be with us when he could, but despite staring him down almost the whole time, we could not even make eye contact. I hope this is a fluke but will probably not be back to find out.
p923
aVWent here for drinks and nachos and it is a very nice establishment.  The nachos were very good the drinks pricy but t be expected in a setting like this place.  There are fire places outside on the patio a huge bar and even though it doesnt seat many there is a very nice cozy setting upstairs.  Go here to relax or enjoy good food both thumbs up.
p924
aVThe absolute worst service I have ever had at any bar or restaraunt.  And, in looking at other reviews, I am not the first.  There are many options at the Waterfront, and I would suggest you try any of them; but stay far away from this place!
p925
aVI've eaten just once, mostly I go for drinks. Nice, lively place, nice outdoor seating for the summer and fall.\u000aDrinks are good, service is good.\u000aLocation is great as well, right across the movie theater.
p926
aVlove the ambiance and food!!
p927
aV$1 burger night on Tuesday. Add ons more.
p928
aVhaha only came here once for happy hour, but i am just pleased with the price. i guess coming from ny, anything would be better price wise. $3 for draft and a big selection of beers so good times. also it's right across the theater so it's a good place to go and chill before the movie starts.. which is exactly what i did haha.
p929
aVIt was the first time that I went to this location.  We sat outside and it was a beautiful night.  I had the BBQ Burger with fries.  For the price of the burger I expected something much better.  It was a very thin burger when it came to the meat.  As a whole it looked large but that was only because of what they piled on top of it.  In addition, their drinks are expensive!  Just one cocktail could run between $10-$12 and they aren't very large.  Our waitress spent more time talking to her friends at the next table than actually tending to our needs.  There are enough restaurants at the Waterfront that I don't know that I will come back here.
p930
aVI personally enjoyed my recent visit to Bar Louie with a friend but completely understand the poor reviews on help. The restaurant is pricey for what it is, and our waitress was a bit lackluster.\u000a\u000aSo why does Bar Louie get 3 stars? Happy Hour and a nice patio!\u000a\u000aHappy Hour is on Monday-Friday from 4-7pm and offers lots of different options -- $3 Drafts, $4 Wines, $5 Martinis, and 1/2 Price Select Appetizers and Flatbreads. My friend and I ordered 4 Martinis and 3 Appetizers between the 2 of us, and our bill was less than $40 total. Not bad!\u000a\u000aI ordered a Strawberry Peach Bellini and a S'Mores Martini, and both were tasty. We shared Bruschetta Pomodoro, Spinach & Artichoke Dip, and Roasted Vegetable Flatbread. The food was also good, and I would order all three items again in the future.\u000a\u000aMy recommendation is to understand what Bar Louie is good at (Happy Hour) and only frequent the restaurant at those times!
p931
aVThis is one of those places where the presentation is nice, but the taste is too ordinary. Friends and I went here for happy hour (starting at 5pm). They claimed to have $1 draft, $5 mixed drinks, and half off appetizers. When we got there, we realized the happy hour special only applies to certain items, so pretty much the discount was pointless. We ended up spending a fortune on beer and mediocre appetizers. \u000a\u000aI only had appetizers here so I can't really judge them for their entrées, but I will rate according to my eating/drinking experience.  I got the spinach artichoke dip. It was a little runny and the dip to chips ratio was disappointing. For a dip, it had way too many obstacles built in to it. I don't know what they did with the artichoke, but it was super fibrous...I felt like I was chewing grass. \u000a\u000aOverall, I would not recommend this place unless you have money to make it rain. Food was way too average for the high price.
p932
aVI'm surprised by the low reviews. I am a regular here. Perhaps it is a little bit pricey, and that is the concern. But, it seems like everything is pricey these days. Their pretzel appetizer is -fantastic- hot, fresh pretzels with sauces. I also regularly get their grilled vegetable wrap, with broccoli instead of fries, or their salad wedge. \u000a\u000aThey've got nice outdoor seating with great fire ornaments, but, well, it is outdoors.\u000a\u000aIn the past, service was really bad. I quit going for a while, after having to "Do the wave' for a check. But, for the last 2-3 years, it has been really good. I've found the staff to be professional, attentive, responsive, and friendly. Maybe these are old reviews?
p933
aVThis place was pretty good food, but the service however was just horrible. As a friend said they hire for looks, not work ethic. Plus the fact that it took forty minutes just to get a couple appetizers was ridiculous. Our server seemed more interested in the table full of girls than actually waiting on us. The couple behind us came in the same time and wasn't even attended too until after OUR appetizers were being cleared off. \u000a\u000aThe food was pretty good, but because of the service I won't be returning.
p934
aVAs far as chain restaurants go, Bar Louie is ok. I really like their appetizers and their salads, but I don't care for their burgers or pastas. Their drinks are ok. They're normal corporate restaurant drinks...i.e., Applebees.\u000a\u000aService is hit or miss. Last time I went, I had just fine service. The time before that was also just fine. Sometimes the server is a little spazzy and seems new or doesn't know wtf he's talking about. (Once, I went and ordered red zinfandel and he brought me white zinfandel and argued with me that it was red zinfandel. I had to explain to him that white zinfandel can be confusing because it is, in fact, pink. I still don't think he believed me. It would've been amusing if it weren't for the fact that it was actually annoying). \u000a\u000aThings I like: calamari, pretzel sticks, wedge salad, some of the sandwiches. Things I dislike: frozen burgers they sell for $1.\u000a\u000aGreat to stop in right before a movie at Loews, though! :-)
p935
aVServers are chatting, not paying attention to tables. I can see my salad is ready at the window. Worst serves ever.
p936
aVI must say, my experience last night at Bar Louie was wonderful. I was hesitant to go because of the other reviews here, but my husband convinced me to give it a try. \u000aThe place is seat yourself and it's LOUD in there. I was a little underwhelmed by that at first but I got used to it and found myself enjoying the energy.\u000aOur service was fantastic. Courtney was great - super attentive, brought our drinks out in less than 5 minutes, brought our food quickly, checked on us just enough... And the place was packed.\u000aThe drinks were perfect, just strong enough. We tried the Peach Lighting and the Tiki drink. I liked the tiki thing better but that's just personal choice. There were real berries mixed into that one. Yum.\u000aOn to the food... My turkey/ham/Brie sandwich was delicious and my husband loved his burger. The highlight of the meal though was the Whiskey cake. Sonnet-worthy.\u000aWe'll definitely go back again.
p937
aVOne of my favorite places, and they have thee Best Lemon Drop Martini's... Plus the Bar Tender looks like Clark Kent(Superman) very handsome guy
p938
aVMeh, I just don't see the appeal Bar Louis has to Pittsburghers. I guess this particular restaurant benefits from people who work at the Waterfront stopping in after a shift. It's always packed. Being so close to the AMC theater, they get traffic before and after movies. \u000a\u000aIt's expensive, the food is so so. Before I get ahead of myself, I had the BBQ ranch chicken salad without chicken. The BBQ ranch dressing was very good, but it's very easy to duplicate at home. It's equal parts ranch dressing and KC Masterpiece hickory BBQ sauce and a drop or two of Worcestershire and a drop of franks hot sauce. \u000a\u000aTuesday is dollar burgers 5 until midnight, daily drink and happy hour selections, but even that's not enough to get me here. Skip it. One caveat for this location, free parking. At Station Square's location you gotta pay to park the jalopy.\u000a\u000aI'm eager to see if this place sees a huge drop in business when Burgatory opens across the street.
p939
aVI am normally a Bar Louie Fan - my husband and I LOVE the one in Tampa.  This location needs a lot of work.  We went on a Friday evening before a show at the Improv.  We were looking to meet up with friends and have drinks and a quick bite to eat.  We never got to the food part because of the level of service that we received.  We got there at about 6:40/6:45 so Happy Hour was wrapping up, but I would say that the bar was not even 3/4 full.  There were also plenty of empty tables.  This should have been our sign to run in the opposite direction.  But we grabbed a table.  I am not a clock watcher, so I am not sure how long it took us to get a server but it was at least 5-7 minutes.  Then we got our drinks at 7:04.  The only reason that I know is because I was looking at my phone because my husband and I wanted to get some apps ordered before the end of Happy Hour.  That went out the window.  When our friends for there; they ordered drinks.  We finished them and left.  The server was nice, that is not the issue.  The issue was how GROSSLY UNDERSTAFFED they were.  They had two bartenders on (I think) and not nearly enough cocktail servers.  The server apologized for the wait on the drinks, but explained it away with "this happens at the end of happy hour because the bar get swamped".  That is a sign that you need more staff.  I have never had this happen at any other bar before.  Get more staff.  We ended up passing up on food because we were worried about time, not the fact that we did not get HH pricing.  Even though, in my opinion, they should have honored HH pricing since we were ready to order food at 7:50/7:55.  We ended up going to the Improv and got food there.  Bar Louie lost a great deal of my money because their lack of staffing and they will never get our Pittsburgh business again or our friends who live there.
p940
aVWe stopped here to enjoy a drink before our movie. Our server, was friendly. My husband had a margarita and my server suggested a berry mojito to me.\u000aBoth drinks were overly sweet and barely any alcohol.  After I finished my drink, I used my fork to dig for the blackberries at the bottom only to find (to my disgust), a decent sized piece of clear saran wrap! Ugg! Did they muddle the mint into the saran wrap?!!! She comped the drink but we won't be back.\u000aCan't speak about the food since we didn't have any but atmosphere was loud and it was difficult to have a conversation without repeating yourself.
p941
aVI can't even review this place. We sat ourselves and waited for a waitress to take our order, and we waited and waited until we got tired and just left. And I have to be clear it was a Saturday afternoon, maybe like 10 tables with people at them and I saw 3 waitress walking around. I think it's probably a bad idea to ignore people that come into your restaurant, especially since burgatory just opened across the street.
p942
aVMan, haters gonna hate.  Listen, y'all, Bar Louie isn't fancy.  It's just not and their extensive martini list won't fool me.  However, the food is good ole American bar grub and their beer selection is decent.  The staff has been nothing but nice even when my wannabe rowdy group of friends spent many a summer day sitting a table for four hours drinking dollar beers.  As long as Bar Louie still keeps having $1 Burger Days (Tuesdays) and $1 Beer Days (Wednesdays), I will continue to be a fan.  FYI, It's a fanatically cheap movie & dinner/drinks weekday date spot.
p943
aVThe food was okay. The noise level--with 10 people in a huge room--deafening. Awful acoustics!
p944
aVFood is Shitty probably would be good if they had a cook that knew how to cook it correctly.  Staff is ok no complaints drinks are good as well
p945
aVEh, this place was okay but it was sort of a weird crowd/overall experience for a Saturday night.\u000a\u000aBobby and I came here after dinner and sat up at the bar. Tip: if you sit behind the taps, no one will bother to acknowledge you exist. When we moved seats, we were finally asked what we would like to drink after waiting for 5+ minutes in our original seats. It wasn't all that busy, either. Most of the people sitting at the bar were a bit older than we were. It seems that Bar Louie is trying too hard to be trendy with the decor/neon blue lighting/extensive martini list. Maybe I'm just salty about the wait.
p946
aVI rather like Bar Louie for my outdoor dining experience after biking the rail trail or before a movie.  Been there twice now for both of before-mentioned occasions and both times had their appetizers.  Note that if you can catch them during their happy hour from 5 to 7pm on weeknights, your pocket book will thank you.\u000a\u000aThe two of us diners selected three appetizers to share the first visit and two on the second visit and were quite satisfied with presentation, quantity, and quality.\u000a\u000aI would highly recommend the Bruschetta Pomodoro and the calamari (breaded just right and not overdone).
p947
aVReally the only thing good about this place is the happy hour. No one wants to pay $8 for a glass of wine that is a short pour and bottom quality.
p948
aVI don't frequent Bar Louie, and I really don't plan to change that any time soon. I've eaten here and stopped in for drinks a couple times over the years and I just haven't been super impressed by the place.\u000a\u000aThe food has been decent - a few years back I splurged on an enormous fried chicken sandwich and definitely enjoyed it, glutton that I am - but their meals and appetizers alike have admittedly never "wowed" me. And while I enjoy their cocktails and would consider stopping in just for drinks more often, the problem is that things are way overpriced here. Even during the happy hour drinks are pretty costly, not to mention that I think most of the drinks I personally like don't qualify for the happy hour discount, which is disappointing. Once I stopped in with friends after a movie and one drink cost me $10 here. Not even a large one, either! Sorry, but I find that to be kind of ridiculous, especially since there's cheaper places to get drinks in the area.\u000a\u000aStill, the food and drinks are definitely a-ok albeit overpriced, so this place would be rated 3 stars in my mind IF I could hear myself think when I eat here. But good Lord, they're just so loud! I always leave with a sore throat from yelling to make myself heard. Not cool, Bar Louie. Not cool.\u000a\u000aSo while the food and drinks are fine enough the loud venue and prices mean that this is definitely not one of my favorite places - and given the other options we have at the Waterfront I don't expect to be back in any time soon.
p949
aVMy sons a and I came for Tuesday Dollar Burger Night. You can gat a "burger" (beef, chicken, portabella, or turkey) in a bun with lettuce for a buck. Then you can add toppings to complete your burger at a small cost-cheese 75 cents, veggies 50 cents, Artery Cloggers 75 cents, sauce 25 cents. Those are the headings and they have items listed under them-like 9 different cheeses. You can also get a basket of tots or fries for a small price as well. \u000aMy burger was $2.25 after I added toppings. Is it the best burger I've ever had? No. But is it the best $2.25 burger I've ever had?  Yes. It's kind if a Russian roulette as to how your burger will come to you cooked. Mine was well done and one if my son's burger had pink in the middle. We probably could have sent it back but we don't mind a little pink. \u000aI love the tater tots!  They are crispy and have the right amount of salt. Yummy!!\u000aOur server was great and we'll definitely be back.
p950
aVGreat environment at night! Songs going on very lively!! The food of my friends who ordered burger and fried shrimps was not that great. But I ordered chicken flatbread which was really delicious! Absolutely loved it  will definitely go here again just for the flatbreads
p951
aVGreat atmosphere and rather humble, especially for a chain restaurant. The service is always friendly, even if they are busy. I enjoy taking clients out for drinks there because of the enjoyable bartenders and wide array of drinks on their menu. I highly recommend their chicken sliders and you have to try their tempura shrimp. \u000a\u000aBe sure to make a reservation because they can get busy too!
p952
aVIt's what I expected. Cooler then a Fridays and the food was about the same. It was clean and out waiter was really cool. It was so slow he even took a seat with us and chatted but in a good way and we welcomed him to do so. I had the bar Louie burger for my meal and it was good. Nothing outstanding but again what I expected. My group ordered the avocado fries and meatball appetizers. The avocado fries were good but we had to add salt. The meat balls with the small slices of garlic bread was fun to share and yummy.\u000a\u000aWe went on a slow Sunday night. It was clean and the food came out on time. Again I rate a places on what I expect it to be and what it try's to be not what I think it should be. So just a different kind of Fridays. Also great music playlist.
p953
aVMy boyfriend and I dined at Bar Louie at the Waterfront about a month ago; it was my first time eating there and I was pretty impressed!\u000a\u000aWe got loaded nachos as an appetizer and all the toppings were as fresh as they come, not to mention delicious!\u000a\u000aI ordered pasta (I cannot remember the name) but I asked for no artichokes in it. It turned out the artichokes were pre-mixed in the recipe, but the waitress came and informed us that the chef was whipping up a special batch just for me! I was extremely grateful and impressed.\u000a\u000aEverything was delicious, the decor was industrial chic (which I love) and the atmosphere was buzzing and fun. The menu was a tad exotic for my small-town pallet, but it was great. My only complaint was the fact that you had to seat yourself, because we wandered around the crowded restaurant for about 10 minutes before we found a seat. The food and service certainly made up for it though!
p954
aVBest place for a late dinner. They have a pretty diverse and interesting  menu. Kitchen is open til 2am. The atmosphere is very relaxing and staff is always pleasant.
p955
aVI went this evening. The chop chop salad was awesome. The shrimp tempora was too bready. The bartenders were awful.
p956
aVDollar beers on Wednesday Night and Loaded Tater Tots, pretty much two solid reasons to visit.  Matter of fact, they have some sort of special every night of the week wether it be food or drinks or both!\u000a\u000aLocated across from the movie theater this is a good place to go before or after a flick with your hot date.  I say skip over priced Burgatory and come here on Tuesday for dollar burgers.  Just as good and half the bill.
p957
aVFood was 7 out of 10 for this type of bar / restaurant. Service was extremely poor and bar service was also extremely poor. Untrained and understaffed bartenders will keep me from coming back. No reason to not be able to get a drink when sitting at the bar.
p958
aVGood drink (new old fashioned)Food was so so (shrimp tempura app), but service was NOT good and I think it may have been amateur night in the kitchen. Food took a long time to arrive for a simple fried appetizer - approx. 20 mins. with zero acknowledgment from my bartender.  Shrimp were cooked well, but sauces were extremely salty & sweet to be paired with tempura batter.  The bar is drafty and customers other than me were complaining with no noticeable change. I'm not staying for a main course
p959
aVI wanna love Bar Louie, I do. It seems like even on the deadest of nights it takes 20 minutes or more for a waitress to even show up at our table and get a drink order from us. The food is good, but the past 3 or 4 times I've come they've been out of tater tots by 9 PM, and I'm always told after my order is put in and the kitchen decides it's now time to tell the wait staff they're out of something. It may be time to start frequenting a different location besides the one on the Waterfront.
p960
aVWell it's 9pm on a Tuesday and no tater tots. Dip for the chips are cold and beer is room temperature. Not very happy. Will try the station square bar Louie next time.
p961
aVI absolutely love the ambiance of this place. The bar area is very large, and there is even some upstairs seating with nice couches and whatnot. A solid beer selection at reasonable prices makes you want to come back! It doesn't generally get very crowded (even on Friday and Saturday nights), so don't expect a South Side type of environment. \u000a\u000aAll that being said, there is a reason why this is a two-star review. Even though this place doesn't get crowded, it takes a very long time to get served. I have waited up to 30 minutes between rounds while sitting at a relatively empty bar.
p962
aVI only go here when I can't get into Burgatory and because I enjoy the outdoor area with the firepit which is a pretty cool atmosphere.  Their really unhealthy food options like the loaded fries or loaded tots are pretty good, but their healthier food options are really lacking.  I tried to get the blackened fish tacos and the fish was really dry and overcooked and of poor quality.  The tortillas were completely stale and hard and had large gashes down the middle.  They have a decent beer selection but when I asked what their seasonal Great Lakes on tap was they said the Christmas ale (it's the last week in April now). I knew that if I ordered that draft it would be quite stale as it's probably been in there for 6 months now, so I got a Southern Tier instead which was good.  The service is ok but rather slow.  Overall I'm pretty underwhelmed by this place.
p963
aVMy friends and I went down to the waterfront to enjoy some shopping and have dinner. Everywhere was pretty busy so when we went into Bar Louie we were not upset it took at least ten minutes for a server to come to our table. He immediately brought our waters over and we ordered drinks. Only another 30 minutes until he brought ONE martini over. We ordered our food and after talking to management it still took 45 minutes and our order was messed up. We tried to be understanding when we learned it was only our servers first day but you would think that management would try to help the poor guy out! He didn't get out of the weeds for the 2 hours we were there. Very disappointing and embarrassing on managements part. We weren't the only people having horrible service because when we looked around the bar everyone was upset. I hope they will let the server get some more experience rather than feeding him to the wolves on the second day.
p964
aVSign stated "Seat Yourself" so we should have know the service would be horrible from the moment we walked in.  We originally sat upstairs, which was open per the sign.  After 20 minutes we got up and went outside. After 20 minutes outside and after the waitress taking care of and making small talk with the table next to us, we said screw it and walked.  The one other time that I had been there the service was so-so.  I will never go back.  Why should I have to try to track people down to pay for a meal?!?
p965
aVShould have checked the reviews before we went. I've been to "real" Bar Louie's in other cities. This is not one of them. Was seated for 20 min and no wait staff came to take our order. Several of them made eye contact but did not feel the need to ask if we had been waited on. Awkward. Then someone came over with two plates of food trying to serve us. We thought, here was our big chance to get served, but no, she just walked away. So we left. There are so many restaurants where you can get burgers, just go someplace else.
p966
aVWas there for Saturday dinner at 6pm and still had some seats opened.  We sat down right away.  You sat yourself and menu was at the table.   Very casual place, yet family place.   A little noisy so not for date nights.  A little bit sports bar like but not like Champs.  Food was great.  Had boneless chicken nuggets (el fuego).  Side salad was very good.  I had verde chicken pasta and my husband had cod skewers with shrimp fried rice - I had some and it was delicious.  Clean bathroom- very important.
p967
aVI just walked into Bar Louie while we wait for our table at Burgatory. We sat down at the bar and one bartender half acknowledged us and said he would "be with us in a minute". We continued to sit there and wait. While she talked to other employees and walked around the bar to talk to the servers. The only other bartender was slowly walking around the other end of the bar. When she finally did make her way to our end she greeted the people who just sat down and ignored us who had been sitting there for 7 minutes. This was NOT a busy time and therefore has no excuse for us having to wait more than 2 minutes for a drink. We got up and walked out and will never be back. I have never had a good experience with Bar Louie no matter where it has been. Their customer service is always subpar. Awful.
p968
aVGreat place for late dinner after work. Kitchen stays open late. Real good food. Full bar and real good service. Great location.
p969
aVCame here for happy hour and a bite to eat on a Friday evening.  They have some great happy hour deals - $3 drafts (with a nice selection) and half off flat bread pizza. I believe there are three or four different types of the flat bread to choose from.  \u000a\u000aMy friend and I sat at the bar and I have to say the service was just ok.  We weren't given plates or silverware with our pizza, the servers didn't seem to know what the other was doing, and it was a bit haphazard.  I ordered a burger medium rare that came out so rare I could have milked the cow.  However, the tatertots served with it were delicious.\u000a\u000aLocated at the Waterfront across from the movie theater Bar Louie offers both indoor and outdoor seating and is a decent option if you don't want to wait around at the other restaurants (Burgatory is directly across from it!).  \u000a\u000aThis will not be a go to destination for me but it is a decent happy hour choice.
p970
aVI've had a pretty wide variety of experiences at Bar Louie.  Sometimes I go and the service is decent and the drinks are good, and sometimes I go and the service is really slow and the drinks are flat or just plain bad.  The one thing that is usually pretty consistent though is the food.  Any food that I have ordered has always been pretty good.  I've never had an amazing experience here, but I do still go back for food and drink specials and because of its location near the movie theater.
p971
aVI love Bar Louie's happy hour. $5 martini and half priced delicious veggie flatbread? Sign me up!  They also have a few other apps that  are part of the happy hour, but the flatbread is the one I usually get. \u000a\u000aThe melon martini is my current favorite, but most that I've tried have been good.\u000a\u000aI don't recommend the shrimp appetizer. And I'm not sure about some of the other food, but happy hour is 5/5 stars. The rest of the time, Bar Louie is probably a 3 star place. \u000a\u000aSo, if you're in the waterfront and are thinking of Bar Louie, go for the happy hour!
p972
aVWorst bar I have ever been to. They used maybe no alchohol in their drinks and consistency had no meaning here. We ordered three berry mojitos and they were different significantly. I posted a picture, you judge.
p973
aVI went with some work friends before catching a movie later that night.  We got to Bar Louie a little over 2 hours before the movie started, which left us with hardly any time to spare by the time we were done.  We had a table right away and the server took drink orders, but it took 15 minutes to get our drinks.  She then disappeared for 30 minutes before coming back to take a food order.  The food took almost an hour, and we had only ordered a couple appetizers.  The portions were really small for the price, and most of the food came out burnt.  I did not risk mentioning it at the thought of waiting another hour for new food.  Again, waiting for the server to bring the checks after the meal was an ordeal in itself and took much longer than it should have.  \u000a\u000aThe place was busy, but not overcrowded, what I would expect on a typical weeknight.  There is no excuse for the poor service and food.  On top of that, the restrooms were extremely filthy and clearly had not been stocked or cleaned recently.  Maybe it was just an off night for this place, but I do not plan on going back again and taking that chance.
p974
aVThe worst bar and the worst service in the area. If I could give it 0 stars I would. There is not one positive thing I could say about any times Ive ever been here. It has now been added to my very short list of places I will never step foot in again. Please... Take your hard earned money elsewhere.
p975
aVMy boyfriend and I came for $1 burger night and the food was delicious! I am not a huge bread fan; I usually eat my sandwiches open faced but I loved the buns. My boyfriend ordered a $1chicken and a $1burger  and got both chicken. That wouldn't be a big deal if the service made up for mistakes. We love the atmosphere and taste of food but the service is horrible. This review is not based on a one night experience. Out of three different times we have experienced bad service- very inattentive. Managers need to review the importance of service with their staff.  If some one likes you and you are attentive to their needs, they are less likely to complain! Bit when you are ignored and they make mistakes, most make it a point to bring it to a managers attention!
p976
aVThe place where my fiancé and I first met. Went back for anniversary, mentioned it to server, and were given a free dessert to help us celebrate. Very, very cool Bar Louie! Love ya even more now! \u000a\u000aJerk shrimp lettuce wraps are so spicy hot they blew us away - extremely spicy - very good but caused us to order plain old soft pretzel to balance out the heat. \u000aBuffalo chicken flat bread - great but hot too
p977
aVSat at the bar at about 240 Saturday for appetizers and drinks. Not super busy but took over ten minutes for a draft beer and martini. Took 20 for appetizers. No offer to refill drinks or for water. Bartender was organizing glasses or drying glasses...passed us a couple times no eye contact despite empty glasses pushed forward. Others at the bar were also sitting with no drinks, no order taken, and I stress it was not full and the bartender was not busy making drinks. This is the second time this has happened at this location during the day when it's NOT busy. We will stick with Rock Bottom if we are at Waterfront during the day.
p978
aVI enjoyed this place. I have avoided this location for so long. I gave it a shot tonight because of a work get together. Our servers name was Sarah and she was great! She was attentive and on her game. I had the 'Diva' martini, which was very sweet and fruity. The bruschetta was good as well (however not traditional), served with a mix of tomato, onion, lettuce. The soft  pretzel sticks were your typical pretzel stick, however good, and served with three dipping sauces, honey mustard, a cheese dip, and a brown sugar/butter dip. The chips and salsa were served with three salsas, guac, regular salsa with a kick, and the cheese dip. The bar is clean. The food is trustworthy and not half bad, it is noisy, but that's is to be expected. It is a great place to watch a game, hang with friends and let go of work. The location is prime as well. Overall, a very pleasant surprise.
p979
aVI made a reservation for 6 on a Saturday night. When we arrived we were told by one of the waitresses that they didn't make reservations for less than six.Then she changed that to six or less.  I asked to speak with a manager who told me they don't make reservations for less than ten.  They had no record of my reservation.  The manager was rude.  She asked if I had called the right location.  When I confirmed that I had, it was apparent she didn't believe me.  When I told her I had made the reservation about 10 days earlier during a weekday afternoon and had spoken to a gentleman, she told me they only had one male manager and he said he did not make the reservation.  I was told she could try and find something for us, but there was no way to tell how long that would take since it was a Saturday night.  We didn't stay to find out and have no interest in ever experiencing their brand of customer service again!
p980
aVOur adventure to the water front landed us here after our dinner at rock bottom! We just came in here for a post dinner beer! I cannot really comment on anything except the quick bar service! We went up to the bar and ordered our beers! Nothing to complicated! \u000a\u000aIt was such a nice night out that we sat outside in front of the fire they had going! The fire pits were located in each of the bar tables! I thought it was pretty cool how they set that up! We weren't here very long! \u000a\u000aWould we visit this place again? Who knows but it helped us kill sometime before we had to go to sing sing
p981
aVThe food was ok. We ordered the pot pie soup but instead were given the tortilla. We didn't mind too much but the soup was way too spicy for me, and I usually like spicy food. I ordered the chicken sandwich and it was decent. Nothing to rave about. It was just ordinary. My boyfriend ordered the chicken and bleu cheese flatbread, and I really liked it. I'd suggest ordering that if you come here for a bite to eat. I also tried their Pinot Grigio, but it was in a very dirty glass.\u000a\u000aService was ok as well. It wasn't really busy, but it was steady. When we walked in no one was around the door and there were dirty tables everywhere. So we made our way towards the back and sat down at the only clean table. It seems like the waitresses won't clean the tables until after new customers sit down. After a few minutes, I noticed a table of two that were beside us. They were there before us but they had yet to be taken care of even after we got our drinks and ordered. All in all, this place just needs a bit of organization.
p982
aVValentine's Day! Terrible service. Waitress wasn't attentive at all which would be understandable if it were extremely busy but it was just steady. Food is overpriced for portions.  Small flies flying around restaurant. I investigated myself to see where from and found fly eggs hatching from dirty toilet paper on the floor in the men's room near the corner by the plunger. Mortified by this, my wife and I quickly finished and left. I'll never visit again.
p983
aVI go here often because I work down in the waterfront, the staff is very friendly and nice. The drinks are very expensive but that's every Bar Louie. The one in homestead takes forever for food, the wait is ridiculous. I spent almost 45 minutes for some nachos. It's cool for a pre game and they have dollar burgers on Tuesday, and dollar brews on Wednesdays. It's very close to the movie theater so good for a date night! But just make sure you give yourself a little time because the service is a bit bad.
p984
aVSurprisingly good fried chicken sandwich (with decent tater tots) and great Happy Hour beverage prices on a Wednesday night including $3.25 drafts, some domestics were $1. \u000a\u000aConsidering it was a 70+ degree day in March, they were slammed and severely understaffed. No one was bussing tables except the waitresses, and they weren't very attentive to tables, which led to some angry customers around us.\u000a\u000aStill a worthwhile Happy Hour to check out:
p985
aVA nice little quiet restaurant to come in for lunch. I'm a little biased since in college my friends and I would come here for dollar burger night every Tuesday and that was the highlight of my shitty week. But I still recommend this place, always a fun time.
p986
aVThis is a Bar Louie and it's in one of the most touristy/family-friendly parts of town, so it's not ever going to be an extremely highly rated experience for me personally. I went here with my boyfriend for a friend's birthday a few weeks back however, and I can say that this location (as opposed to the nasty one in Station Square) is pretty okay. The restaurant is spacious inside with plenty of potential to expand outdoors during the warmer months. We had excellent table service from a very nice server who did a good job keeping everyone's drinks full. It was dollar beer night, but all of the options on special were unfortunately not palatable if you like good beer. I would be much more inclined to come back for a beer night if BL rotated one (just one!) nice craft option in with the others. Plenty of people will still choose the piss of course, but ones like me would be so happy. The free chips and dip appetizer I ordered was great at least, particularly the guacamole. If I ever was in the area I would come back and get that again and possibly a drinkable beer during happy hour, since those prices looked good.
p987
aVOne dolla holla! Such excitement yet such epic failure when the Tuesday $1 custom burgers showed up naked as all get-out. One can't really complain for a $1. But, when Betty barkeep remediated the situ and fetched all of the toppings initially ordered, the burger and portabella were worth the wait. And gimme some more o' dem tots yo! Straight up addictive with salt + pepper and a hint o' lime. Bar Louis is showing its age, but it has been an anchor at the ever-changing Waterfront.
p988
aVI've been to Bar Louie several times and I don't have much to say about the food other than is it average and pretty boring bar food. The one thing different is the option for tater tots which people seem to enjoy. Service is fine and prices average. My most favorite thing from Bar Louie is without a doubt, the Berry Mojito! I want one now they are so good! Made with fresh berries and mint! I must get one every time! You will not be disappointed if you like mojitos! I think they are $10 which some might think is expensive but they are just so good! Good wise, I still haven't had anything I really like and I'd rather just come here for drinks.
p989
aVBar Louie is my go to place in the Waterfront.  Consistently good food and friendly talkative wait and bar staff. Lots of wonderful specials but nothing tops Tuesday, dollar burger night, a Bar Louie tradition.  \u000aEspecially nice in the summertime when the garage doors come up, windows open and upper loft patio is full.  Flame pits are on the patio and provide warmth on a cool night.\u000aThe food is an eclectic mix.  Burgers are great as are the tots, get them loaded or better yet down them for speed :). Mussels are good, salads are great!  Appetizers are all excellent.  Try the Bavarian pretzels with quest or the calamari!  My favorite, especially on a cold or rainy day is their chicken tortilla soup.  If you give a green light to the cook, he'll spice it up to en fuego,  the way it's meant to be eaten. \u000aEndless refills of soft drinks allow you to sit and chat for as long as you like.  This is a wonderful spot to people watch on movie night or catch some of the Steelers who like to stop by.\u000aLove places that keep eating out fun.  This is a place where they remember your name!  Recommend strongly!!
p990
aVWhat a delightful experience for this chain establishment. \u000aWe were in search of a place to dine outside on this perfect summer Friday evening. The sign said seat yourself and on 1st pass the only tables available were hightops built more fir standing with your adult beverages. This wasn't on this gals preferred list. We attempted the joint next door but waiting 90 min was an even I don't think so.... Back at  Bar Louie we went and scored a recently vacated table. \u000aMaria our awesome waitress greeted us kindly but have us some bad news... They were training new kitchen staff and it was taking a bit longer than usual for orders to come out.. But she assured us once they did they were as yummy and up to Bar Louie standards people have come to expect. \u000aOkay... Kudos, for letting us know in advance. \u000aWe ordered drinks and the food came out quicker than expected. \u000aI ordered the  Chop Chop salad and added shrimp to mine... Was done perfectly and the slice of garlic toast was a welcome addition. \u000aMy husband  opted for the savory Mac n cheese pork sandwich....my taste bite was scrumptious and lived up to maria's hype. \u000aGreat food... Superb service... Great to see a chat in restaurant can still offer patrons something to come back for!
p991
aVLiterally the only place to stop in waterfront. Best happy hour!! Martini and drafts half off? Our server Kayla was phenomenal.
p992
aVFood was good. Waitress was Kayla and she was excellent. It was busy but she handled it and gave our table undivided attention. Thanks Kayla.
p993
aVInsanely sticky floors, frozen food that's reheated in a microwave and $10 drinks that tastes like sugar water. Skip this place if you don't want to feel ill after dining.
p994
aVI'm not into waterparks as much as I am into amusement parks.  I go to Sandcastle maybe once a year.  But my Chicago friend Catherine came in to visit for the weekend and after a day at the zoo, we donned our swimsuits and came here.  The main part of the park is closed in the evenings, but the Sandbar and the Sandbar Pool and the Hot Tub remain open for the 21 and over set.  The Sandbar has a great menu of food and drinks and has a $6.00 cover charge to get in.  Occasionally there's live entertainment.\u000a\u000aIt's hard to believe that before they built this place, it was the site of an abandoned steel mill.  Actually, it was the railroad yard for the nearby Homestead Works.  But after site-clearing and clean-up, they turned it into a beautiful place to spend a warm day or nice evening.  The view across the Mon is quite beautiful with a wooded hillside on the other side.  There's even a boat dock, so you can arrive by river if you desire.\u000a\u000aI'm glad I renewed my acquaintance with this place and hopefully, I'll get another chance to come back.
p995
aVThe evites are in the mail for the 2 for $99 special! You will have to spend $24 on a parking pass. I signed up last year for this promotion and don't think I got the passes worth. \u000a\u000aThe waterpark is nice and lounging by the pool or floating around the lazy river is perfect for a hot summer day. There are just too many misses in my book though.\u000a\u000a1st off all Traffic is a biatch! Be ready to sit on browns hill rd for a very long time unless you leave before 9am and wait for the park to open at 10am. \u000a\u000aNext remember it is a family park so there will be lots of rude and bratty kids all over the place. (I'm not a mean kid hater) my experiences have been bad at the Sandbar pool. \u000a\u000aIf you do arrive early enough you will be standing in the hot sun with a gang of kids that WILL push you out of the way and run to claim 10 chairs with towels even though they won't use them because they run around the park all day. I actually got into an argument last summer with one said kid. I was like "I'm an adult and you need to have some respect." He pushed me and took all the chairs. I only needed one and his mother did not correct him. I was on fire and moved a chair over from the back and he still was giving me crap because I moved the chairs over...THAT NO ONE was even there to sit in at the time. Damn! FOR REAL!\u000a\u000aSandbar drinks are expensive and incredibly weak. Plus they are so sugary. If you do get a frozen drink and sit by the pool be prepared for it to be half pool water in a few minutes. An Adult area would change all this. I don't even care that I'm getting splashed all the time I do realize that I'm at a pool but it's hard to relax.\u000a\u000aIf you do get a pass have a friend who can get there the same days you can go. If you're trying to go on the weekend forget it! The weekdays are bad enough. I'm looking for a better pool side lounge for this summer.
p996
aVIt's fun, but not as fun as Kennywood. The boardwalk food is a bit too far from the wave pool and that makes for a lot of shoes on/shoes off events. The lazy river could be much better. I did like the water slides and the Potato Patch fries, as well as the scenic location.
p997
aVHow many times do you get to fall at 70mph, wearing only shorts? Sandcastle can make it happen.\u000a\u000aIf you're going, it's best to stop by Giant Eagle and grab you some discount tickets from the customer service desk.  $25 is still a bit much in my opinion, but it's better than spending the full $30.99.\u000a\u000aThere isn't much I can think of that's in Sandcastle that isn't a great time, except maybe walking around and scorching your feet on the boardwalk.  I personally am a huge fan of some of the faster tube slides, and of course the massive speed slide.  If you're looking for a more relaxed ride, check out the Lazy River, or screw around in the big pool.  There's also a pretty nice wave pool there for your amusement.\u000a\u000aThere's also plenty of stuff for kids to do... But I don't have kids, so I don't know how all that is.\u000a\u000aThey do close at 7PM, which is a bit early, so be warned: you definitely want to show up earlier in the day.  BUT it's definitely a good idea to close the park if you can: right toward the end, the lines disappear, and you can ride over and over.  Win!
p998
aVSandcastle is a mixed bag for the kiddos.  On the one hand, there are plenty of waterslides/pools that are a good fit for young "riders", on the other hand, Sandcastle, like any city amusement park, attracts more than its fair share of highschool kids looking to spend some time away from their parents and assert their personhood.  \u000a\u000aUnfortunately that element doesn't particularly care about "censoring" speech for 9 year old ears, and worse, in the Mon Tsunami, about personal space, since the wave pool becomes a near mosh pit of jostling and strutting and shoving and 'showing off' for the fairer sex, and that can be a little dicey for the littler kids.\u000a\u000aHaving said that, it's still a good day at the park. . . cheese fries, a cool dip in the pool on a hot day, some fun slides. . . \u000a\u000aI think in rating Sandcastle fairly you have to understand the context of the park.  It is NOT policed particularly effectively.  if you take small children you have to be a diligent parent and be aware of your surroundings, paying attention to the group of 17 somethings thrashing around in your near vicinity, "accidentally" bumping into people for a reaction from their group.  \u000a\u000aMOSTLY it's a good time.  Mostly.
p999
aVSo the last time I went to a water park was probably when I was in elementary school and didn't really know how to swim (... I still kinda don't. lol). Anyway, it was in California at Raging Rivers and it was a traumatizing experience. Screaming & being tossed around in the pool that pushes periodic waves at the sound of a loud horn and ending up with scraped knees and feet. Not fun.\u000a\u000aSo to say the least, I was a bit nervous coming to this water park afraid to have another episode of feeling I was being drowned. Luckily that did not happen.\u000a\u000aI seriously had SO MUCH fun here! I honestly was only expecting to go on the Lazy River pool all day but with my bf, we hit up so many rides... tandem AND single rides! I feel like such a big girl now! Definitely lean back while you're on those single donuts on the water rides, or else you feel like you're going to flip over while swishing down the tubes. The new dragon ride they just opened up was okay. I was expecting it to be so much more fun, but literally you just slide down a dark tube into a circular room where you just slowly swirl your way down the middle hole and that was it. \u000a\u000aThere was this one ride where you slide down the tubes for a few seconds, then you land into a pool where a worker pushes you into another tube and this continues about 3 times. It was weird. Kinda awkward with the worker having to grab you and push you through. Although it was still fun. The last dude threw me in backwards! Scared the crap out of me but it was fun :)\u000a\u000aThe food here is surprisingly pretty affordable. Plus, who wants to eat a huge meal while in your swim suit. Me don't want no pot belly. \u000a\u000aOverall I had such a fun time here. It definitely made me rethink my fear of water parks. By the way, we went on a Saturday in early June and it wasn't as packed as I thought it would be! So the lines weren't long at all. Also, go to Giant Eagle to purchase your discounted tickets. You save a few bucks versus buying them at the water park. Oh and don't forget to bring sandals while walking around. Your feet will literally feel like they're burning from the ground. Now go off and have some fun! :)
p1000
aVWe're lucky to have a waterpark in the Burgh.  I have to keep telling myself that when I want to complain about this place.  I DO think it's a great place to take the fam or even, in my case, spend a day relaxing... if you can!  \u000a\u000aLet's do the compliment sandwich.  Positive - negative - positive!  \u000a\u000aThe negative... I feel like Sandcastle is the forgotten redheaded stepchild of Kennywood.  They keep pouring money into K-wood, but Sandcastle stays the same year after year.  Now, granted I haven't been there in YEARS, but everything seemed the same as I left it other than one new slide.  I haven't been there in about 9 years.  One new slide in 9 years?  Hmmmmm....\u000a\u000aI see major places to improve.  Especially the pool.  I honestly think the slides are great, although you could always add more, they're still fun.  The pool... it's just packed.  So packed that you'd think they'd add a second pool.  Looking around it looks like they have the extra space.  Maybe an adults only pool?  Swimming with 20 zillion kids, plus adults drinking (yes I like that you can bring your bevvie in the pool... but it's kinda weird being around so many kids) and you start to wonder how clean the water is.  I mean, 20 zillion kids you gotta expect a good amount of kiddos are peeing in the pool!  \u000a\u000aThe sidewalks are also scalding hot.  I'd assume since many of the people are walking around barefoot you'd be able to custom order some kind of non sun absorbing surface.  And I"m NOT investing in those dorky water shoes, sorry!  \u000a\u000aI'm ALWAYS happy to see a Potato Patch stand!  Just as good as K-wood!  They also serve chicken tender, which is nice if you want a little meat to add on.  Nothing more is needed for me!  Although the frozen drinks looked tasty and tempting, it was so hot out I was just downing water by the gallons.  You're also allowed to bring in your own snacks and food, which I think is nice for families who want to save a little mola.  \u000a\u000aAgain, Sandcastle is so awesome to have in the Burgh, it would be nice to see improvements.  It always seems packed in the summer months, so why not keep on improving it?  Or maybe they think don't fix what's not broken.  I just may stick to a cleaner, less pee filled community pool for my water fun fix!
p1001
aVDont waste your time with this place.  Long lines, overpriced and no shade or cooling spots while you wait. Half the "rides" were shut down. You're better off with a garden hose. Save your money or buddy up to someone with a pool.
p1002
aVI LOVE Sandcastle. \u000aFirst, let me say that I'm reviewing the waterpark, not the people. The park has little to no control over the people that visit the park and the way they or their children behave. \u000a\u000aIf you are going to visit, I would HIGHLY suggest you try to go on a weekday. I've attempted to visit on nice weekends before when the park has actually been at capacity and they are no longer allowing people in. It gets CROWDED on the weekends, especially if the weather is nice. There aren't a ton of nice days in the summer in Pittsburgh, so when there are nice days, people come out in droves! \u000a\u000aThe slides are a blast, the lines are sometimes very long, but worth it. The lazy river is great when it's not wall to wall people. I really enjoy the new Dragon's Den but the line is CRAZY long for it! They also have a fantastic bar area, we have gone a few times and enjoyed a festive beverage while we enjoy the sun!\u000a\u000aThey have several areas for smaller children, which are all fantastic. \u000a\u000aIf you are visiting, trying to take advantage of the giant eagle discount tickets, because these can get really pricey. You can also do a Sandcastle/Kennywood ticket, where you visit Sandcastle during the day and Kennywood at night. It's a fantastic deal, but boy could that be exhausting!
p1003
aVokay, so it's not as fun as kennywood but i guess it's still cool... \u000a\u000ai planned ahead a day to go for me & bobby (his first time) it was supposed to be nice day, but the weather changed in 2 weeks.. \u000a\u000awe picked a nice time.. since it was literally supposed to rain all day, there werent any long lines/ we literally rode every water slide in one hour. then we went to head to the lazy river--- & it was closed! they said it was closed due to not enough attendence, but i mean come on. we still paid $70 for 2 people to come in this park where i just rode everything in one hour.. keep the lazy river open so i can kill an hour! aah. the cliff hanger was also closed- like always. \u000a\u000aso we just went and rode everything again. the Dragon's Den is sweet and the blue tubaluba is as well. bobby had a blast on the speed slides. i have to admit though, i do miss the regular body slide. \u000a\u000aanother reason i chose august 3rd to go to sandcastle was that the park was open until 7pm rather than 5 or 6 like regular days. well actually at 4:45 we recieved a "15 minute warning" that the park was closing at 5 due to rain. ugh, a little more time would've been helpful. \u000a\u000ai couldnt hear the warning and asked an employee who said they were closing in ten minutes due to the weather and being under-staffed to stay open until 7. it started to rain at 5 and literally at 5:20 the rain was over . the park could've just shut down the rides until the rain cloud passed,  but due to being under-staffed would rather hand out rain checks.. which is fine because we get an another entire day, but i mean it would be a terrible inconvience from someone out of town who planned a family day. \u000a\u000aoverall, the smile on my boyfriend's face was priceless, but i truly wish we could've enjoyed the lazy river and the park until 7. hopefully next time things go as planned....
p1004
aVNow here's a place that knows what it is. A place to ride a few slides, relax on the lazy river, and watch the hilarious pittsburghers walk around with Jesus tattoos and many children. \u000a\u000aCome for the slides, stay for the people watching.
p1005
aVWe went to the Sandcastle Waterpark this past weekend before we went to Heinz Field.  We are a family of four; Dad, Mom, 17 year old girl, and 8 year old girl.  We all enjoyed it.  There was plenty to do for everyone; wave pool, kiddie pools, single tube slides, double tube slides, and body slides.  It was a cloudy day in the upper 70's, so it wasn't crowded at all.  Check for coupons at Giant, Local Flavor, and other places.  Some things don't open until 12 PM, even when the park opens at 11 AM.  Parking is $6.00.
p1006
aVI have the season pass and go atleast once a week and each time I've been in the last week Ive been.disappointed. Two weeks ago they threw a rubber baby in the wave pool and entice panic and claimed iy was a training exercise. Disgusted. And today twice the pool with mushroom and waterfall in it was shut down due to adults pooping in the pool or puking dont know cant get a strait answer from any of employees. Just sad there customer service sucks.
p1007
aVThis was my first time back in about 12 years.  I haven't been here since high school so its hard for me to compare 12 years ago to now.  I do know the prices have gone up but i can remember paying $19.  I think the best thing you can do is purchase the tickets at giant eagle or even looking on the sandcastle website for deals.  My sister for a deal for 19.99 and day in the 2015 season.  I  paid 26.99 at my local giant eagle.  Thats not really a big deal.  \u000a\u000aI am definetly shocked that there was a $6 or $12 fee to park.. I mean its ridiculous we have to pay what we pay to get in and another fee to park is crazy.  We opted for the $12 fee to park real close to the entrance bc of having a 7 year old with us.  It is worth that extra $6.  \u000a\u000aI learned that you should get there and line up at the game fairly early if you want a good spot by the pool... People with plow you over and run to get a prime spot.  That is a downfall.  Plus this means that there are a lot of RUDE PEOPLE.  We got there early enough to ride all the rides we needed too.  we didn't do the lay river however because the lines were RIDICULOUS.  \u000a\u000aThe wave pool was a hit for my son but just watch all the people there.  People are rude there as well.  Some horse play and such. \u000a\u000aI must comment on the food, i def love potato patch fries but the prices are crazy... I ordered 2 chicken tender meals with fries and the costed me around 35 with drinks.  THATS is BS.  \u000a\u000aSandcastle is an ok place to visit, but its just not worth the money
p1008
aVInsanely expensive! $6 parking. $8 locker. $9 wrinkled, burnt hot dog. I really hate this place. Kids received season passes for Christmas present. Brought kids once and will never return. Spent $46 on food and threw most of it away
p1009
aVThis is my 4th year as a season pass holder. Each year the park seems to go downhill a little. I was there yesterday and the bathroom by the wave pool was deplorable. I hate when people leave a bathroom disgusting but Sandcastle needs to do a better job of keeping them clean. Yesterday there were very few people at the park so keeping the bathrooms clean should have been easier.  The other issue I had yesterday is there was a young lady in her late teens/early 20's who was wear a black bikini. The bottoms were a modified thing. (Modified meaning it was a smidge wider than a whale's tail thong.). It was NOT appropriate at all. My family was sitting in the wave pool area and saw the young lady multiple times. Two of those times there was a female leader/manager who was standing there. She watched the girl and made comments to the workers but never said anything to the girl. \u000aThe Lifeguards are nice and do a good job. The employees at the food stations are also nice and service is quick. Our family is a big fan of Chic Fil A so we love it when they are there. The park just needs to tweak a few things to get 4 or 5 stars. Keeping restrooms clean and updating some of the chairs and loungers would be steps in the right direction.
p1010
aVThis water park is alright. Definitely outdated and needs some work but it is a way to get out of the house on a hot summer day. Staff are friendly and lifeguards are alert. Prices are a little steep but with this being the only water park around they can get away with it.
p1011
aVMy husband and I are season pass holders and try to make it out to the park once a week. I've been coming here for about 7 years now and not much has changed. Most of the time we just hang out at the wave pool or relax on the lazy river. The food is good but I wish they offered some healthier options. They have a salad but that's about it. I'm not a major crazy health nut but something non-fried would be nice. If your not too worried about the calories their food is delicious, a bit overpriced, but your at an amusement park so what do you expect. \u000a\u000aThis year they have also been slacking on cleanliness. I've had to use the bathrooms a lot since I'm expecting and I wish they would send someone in more often throughout the day. \u000a\u000aOne other reviewer mentioned an adult area. Sadly they don't have this, but I think it would be great!!!  I usually visit on the weekend since I work weekdays and having children bump into you and splash you everywhere you go isn't very relaxing. \u000a\u000aThe staff is great. I have never seen a more attentive group of people. They are always on alert and I have no worries about the safety of the children in my family visiting with me when they can. I also plan on being my new baby next year and I have no fears about his well-being. \u000a\u000aHere are a few tips if you want to save $$$. Pack your lunch. See park rules on cooler sizes and don't pack any glass. On weekends/holidays get there when they open if you want good seats or a seat in the shade. If you plan on going more then twice buy a season pass, it will save you time and money. If you ever plan on bringing guests get a VIP pass for buddy tickets, parking pass and a souvenir cup. Souvenir cups are good if you like to drink something other then water they save you a ton on refills and you can use them all season long. Bring flip flops. The pavement gets scalding hot. I burnt the bottom of my feet the first time I was there this year. If you plan on coming late a lot bring your own folding lounge chair. After the opening rush on busy days they are all gone in the first hour. If you plan on having a group of 5 or more renting a cabana is really worth it, especially if you have older kids. It gives them a place to always find you. And finally buy your tickets ahead of time. It's always more expensive at the gate then online or at a local retailer. You can even buy your tickets online while standing I front of the gate. They can scan your ticket off your smart phone. \u000a\u000aNote to other guests... Please watch your children and don't rely on the lifeguards to babysit them. They are your responsibility. The lifeguards are there to keep them safe and alive but not respectful. Also please be courteous to others and only put your towels on chairs your using. I was late arriving last weekend (got there at noon) and sat next to 2 perfectly good lounge chairs with towels on them while I sat on the grass. For 6 hours I never noticed 1 person use them. \u000a\u000aI hope this helps!!
p1012
aVFor some reason, I had a tremendous amount of anxiety about buying a new mattress. Maybe I was just self-conscious about rolling around on a bunch of beds in a public place. \u000a\u000aABD Mattress quickly alleviated any idiotic fears I may have had. The store was empty when I arrived on a Monday afternoon and I was attended to immediately and never felt pressured. ABD has a great selection of mattresses, and the prices cannot be beat. I picked up a full plush pillow-top mattress for a cool $375 (without a box spring or a frame, since I already had one). Better yet? Delivery is free AND prompt. You pick a three-hour timeframe, and the store will call you on the day of delivery to narrow it to a one-hour slot so you're not sitting around all afternoon.
p1013
aVI'm a mattress buying novice. I also hate buying things that require you to try-before-you-buy. I also seem to give explanatory information about myself before reviews. Anyway. \u000a\u000aI had a lot of anxiousness about buying a mattress. If it's terrible, you'll be spending a large proportion of your life in misery until you fix the problem. Who wants that? Especially for something that can be as expensive as a mattress? \u000a\u000aThese people were great. They patiently answered all of my mattress questions and treated me like a valued customer - both times I called, the man on the phone remembered my name (and number!) and took care of me. When I failed to buy a box spring (why oh why did I think I could go without a box spring??) they were able to take care of me over the phone and get me a box spring in the SAME day. Within hours, even. They even helped me set up the mattress that I DIDN'T purchase from them, which blew me away. \u000a\u000aTheir professionalism and friendliness are excellent. I will recommend them to everyone who's in the market for a mattress, especially students, because their student deals are fantastic.
p1014
aVThe only place to buy a mattress.\u000a\u000aBoth my wife and I and our daughter desperately needed new mattresses so I decided to check this place out. We went on a Sunday afternoon and were the only ones in the store. Lee greeted us and showed us around the store. They offer mattresses, recliners, dinettes, daybeds, bunk beds and bedroom furniture. We found her a great mattress at a great price. While waking around the store my wife found a Serta iComfort series mattress for us that felt like heaven to lay on. \u000a\u000aLee had told us about their free 18 month no interest financing through Wells Fargo Bank, free bed frame, free delivery and set up of your new bed and free removal of your old mattress and box spring which made it a no brainer! I went in to only buy our daughter a new mattress but I bought us a new one as well. No one can beat their prices! I compared the price of our new mattress to Levin, Macy's and Mattress Discounters. No one came close to the price we got at American Buyers. Everywhere else was double the price for just our mattress not including our daughters so it was like getting hers for free.\u000a \u000aTake it from me, when it comes to your sleep, DO NOT BUY A CHEAP MATTRESS!!! We bought a cheap, supposed Serta mattress in 2008 from Mattress Discounters. The boxed spring had to be replaced about 2 years after owning the bed. I don't think I will have that problem again as our new Serta has a full 25 year warranty. \u000a\u000aA couple days later our daughters mattress was delivered first and about a week later our new mattress was delivered. The delivery guys had our old mattress and box spring out and our new frame, box spring and mattress set up in less than 10 minutes.\u000a\u000aI highly recommend American Buyers Discount Mattress for all of your bedding needs.
p1015
aVI have been buying my mattresses and headboards from American Buyer's Discount Mattress Store for years. The selection is huge, the staff is extremely knowledgable and helpful.  There's none of the pushy sales tactics that you find at some of the other chain stores. They're honest and will make sure you get the mattress that's best for you and not their profit. The prices cannot be beat, the service is outstanding- free delivery and haul away of your old mattress. There's price ranges for every pocket book there and you can request financing too if need be. They carry all sizes and types of mattresses, daybeds and even lift chairs- those recliners that will lift you up to a standing position! If you're in the market for a mattress, bed frame, headboard etc. this is the only place you need to go! You definitely will be happy you did.
p1016
aVThis is the most reliable car service I have experienced in Pittsburgh. Amazing service. For the last four years, we have used them each week to pick up and drop off colleagues at the airport. They're always waiting by the Hertz counter, ahead of time, without fail. Even when the flight is early or had a 3 hour delay. They charge about $10 more than a yellow cab. If you have client you need picked up or dropped off at the airport, I would highly recommend First Class. \u000a\u000aMy first time in Pittsburgh, when the driver heard I was on an interview, he even gave me a free tour of a few neighborhoods in the city.
p1017
aVI agree with the other reviewers. I tried these guys based on the Yelp reviews and was not disappointed. \u000a\u000aI'm a grumpy New Englander, and have been frustrated by the small town, easygoing/careless customer service at many PGH businesses. These guys are different: professional, punctual (even in snow!).
p1018
aVGreat customer service.  I was in Pittsburgh for business and needed a car to get back to the airport.  I found these guys on Yelp, and the reviews were not wrong.  It was easy to order the car and pick-up was prompt.
p1019
aVDitto everyone else. I had out of towners needing to get to the airport but I had a last minute work conflict and couldn't drive them. I was nervous about using one of the standard cab companies because their track record of actually showing up isn't great. I called these guys the night before an 8am pick-up and everything went smoothly. Dave even checked on their flight for us to make sure it was on time given bad weather. If you're planning on getting a cab to the airport, definitely use First Class.
p1020
aVAfter reading glowing reviews on Yelp, I decided to try this service to pick up my 83 year old mother and take her to the airport. Service was great. Driver was very courteous and on time. We used them to pick her up at the airport and are equally happy. The driver even carried her suitcases upstairs to her apartment.
p1021
aVWe always use First Class Limo for flights too early to take the 28X to the airport.  They even have a multi-pickup service for early flights if you are not in time for a regular reservation.
p1022
aVFabulous service all around. My husband was coming in on a redeye flight from San Diego around 9am on Saturday morning, and just before midnight on Friday, I realized I wasn't going to be able to pick him up. I called First Class Limousine Service around 12:30am and was pleasantly surprised that someone picked up. I ended up speaking to Dave, the owner, and he was able to accommodate my last-minute request. \u000a\u000aMy husband initially went to the wrong meeting place (on account of his sleep deprivation :) so the company called me asap when he didn't show up right away--I reminded hubby about the correct meeting spot and all went well after that. He was very happy with the service and the price. I'd definitely use this company again for rides to and from the airport! Thanks everyone!
p1023
aVOther people may have had a better experience with this company but that was not the case for us.  We had rented a limo/bus for a bachelor party.  Our driver Scott, was completely clueless in navigating the city. Constantly making wrong turns and missing exits. All of this after very thorough instruction as to where to go. Each destination took 3-4 times longer to reach due to his incompetence. This caused us to have to skip a couple of our originally planned stops. After returning to the bus after one of our stops we were informed by Scott that the police had come onto the bus and searched it with dogs. Really?!??!  Why??!!  How??!!  We found that our bags had been rifled through and we all felt a little violated and confused. By this point we decided to call it a night. More than half of our passengers didn't care to step back onto the bus and took cabs home. \u000a\u000aJust when we thought the worst was over we were wrong. As we enter the highway we realize that Scott has driven all the way up the ramp and onto the highway going THE WRONG WAY!!!  He starts slowly reversing down the ramp while oncoming cars honk and swerve all around us!  Truly terrifying. After that, we were very upset and just wanted to get home. So after several more wrong turns we finally get home. Absolutely terrible night. \u000a\u000aSo if you'd like to book a party bus that will include a geographically blind driver, unecessary police involvement, a near death experience and just an overall sense of frustration mixed with panic then go with these guys. Otherwise, I would suggest staying far, far away!
p1024
aVExcellent service! The driver was first class! Truly was the best car service I have ever experienced. Driver was classy, professional and kind. Great reservation service and very fair price. Do yourself a favor-skip the cab and call this car service. Reliable, professional and great value. Thank you!
p1025
aVSuper classy business!! I needed to transfer 12 people from the PIT airport to downtown, and First Class wasn't able to help, because my group was too large.  The owner referred me to a competitor.  Wow, he could have easily told me I needed 2 or 3 of his cars, but he was kind enough to think of the customer.\u000a\u000aI was so impressed I did ask him how much would it be for a van (7 pax) and a car, and it wasn't that much more than the competitor's 14 pax van.  I haven't decided if I want to use 3 cars, or 1 car, but I'm glad to know he didn't try to snooker me.\u000a\u000aClass act, and I hope that people will consider this company when hiring a vehicle.
p1026
aVSo I moved to Pittsburgh from Los Angeles. I know I know I know!\u000aAnyway so theres absolutely no places in Homestead that delivered Chinese so I decided to walk down to the closest Chinese food/restaurant to my house. \u000a\u000aThe family that runs the restaurant is very friendly. I read a review about them on Google that said the  mom looks like she might want to cook you alive. Don't believe it!\u000a\u000aOn this visit I ordered the Steamed Dumplings(recommended by some reviewer on google...THAT LIAR) and the Vegetable Chow Fun. I generally enjoy steamed dumplings but these dumplings(too much dumpling little meat) werent so good. Theyll probably be sitting in my mini fridge tomorrow and I'll force myself to eat them when I have the munchies/starving to death. The Vegetable Chow Fun on the other hand verrrrrrrrrrrrrry yummy. Definately most have next time anyone decides to stop by. \u000a\u000aBut all in all the verdict is you typical Chinese Take Out Place.\u000a\u000a*puts the menu on the fridge*
p1027
aVThe worse "Chinese food", even the white rice which came with the ogle sweet and sour chicken is really bad.  Please don't eat this food.
p1028
aVNot bad for neighborhood corner Chinese food. The Szechwan is not good. Too much...ketchup?? The wonton soup is good.  Very good curry chicken with onion and happy family. \u000aEgg rolls are hit or miss. Sometimes they can be a little underdone. \u000aIs this the best place? No...but it does the trick especially for a hangover cure.
p1029
aVFried rice super bland.\u000aChicken was slimy.\u000aService was indifferent. \u000aNo repeat visit for me.
p1030
aVI'm not sure what it is about this place that I love so much. I have been eating here for probably 10 years now, and it NEVER disappoints. Its not fancy, its not unique, its not some fantastic restaurant, its a chinese takeout place. But it is delicious! Everything I have ever ordered is good. The general tsos, the chicken with broccoli, the beef with broccoli, the sweet n sour, the teriyaki, etc. etc. But the real treats are the egg rolls and the wonton soup. Their lunch specials are all six or seven bucks and are more than enough food for a big guy like myself. It is also always ready in 10-15 minutes.\u000a\u000aAffordable, fast, and delicious.
p1031
aVCame in for take out around 330 today. Food was ready in 5 min. Service was good. Rice is a little plain but i just add some soy sauce. General tso had NO flavor. Not crispy at all assuming thats why it was so fast. Sweet snd sour chicken was to moist. Only reason i would go back is speed. Not worth it flr the price. Had better food at buffet
p1032
aVMeh, I've experienced better is an understatement.\u000a\u000aFriday's is like the "fine dining chain" for every yinzer in Pittsburgh...\u000a\u000a1.  When we were seated, it was quick which was a surprise.  Somehow this restaurant gets packed and I never understand why.  I was happy about that.\u000a2.  I ordered one of their "skinny margaritas", blackberry to be exact.  It was a nice size, however, at $6.00/pop, that was half of my food bill.\u000a3.  The waitress started off attentive, but after our food came out she was gone.  I ordered a turkey burger with pickle and mustard.  Loaded mashed potato on the side because I wanted heartburn ha!\u000a4.  Food came.  My burger had lettuce on it only.  Waitress was supposed to go and get our next round of drinks.  I had to wait to ask for my pickle.\u000a5.  The loaded potatoes were more like rubber than potatoes and not what I was expecting.  Disappointment.\u000a6.  The waitress then went into oblivion and only returned with our check.  \u000a\u000aNever again will I eat at Friday's.  I will, however, go should a happy hour arise...
p1033
aVHaven't been to TGIFridays for years and was never really a huge fan. I get tired of going to the same places all the time for lunch so we decided to try it out. I must say that I was very impressed with how extensive the menu was and all of the delicious options. I had the two for $10 lunch special with French onion soup and terriakyi glazed chicken strips. I was told that the broccoli soup is very thick so I opted for the French onion. It was okay but I think that I would get a salad instead of the soup next time. The chicken strips were wonderful and I am still craving them. The portion was huge and there were leftovers. My co-workers ordered the Jack Daniels Sampler and burgers and were jealous at the portion and choices from the pick two. The service was good and we had no issues. I will definitely be back.
p1034
aVThis place.. Is ok if ur grabn something quick .. But they do have a great happy hour tho
p1035
aVBoo!  What happened to this location?  It used to be happy and fun!  It just feels depressing and nearly everyone there is just doing the bare minimum to get by?  So sad.
p1036
aVIf I were to describe this place in one sentence I would call it a mediocre, and cheaper version of Bettis 36 on the North Shore.\u000a\u000aMy wife and I won a gift card in a raffle.  We went for lunch on a Saturday. It was not crowded\u000a\u000aWe entered the restaurant and were promptly seated by a nice server.  The restaurant was clean and nicely decorated and did not feel run down or old in any way.\u000a\u000aOur server took our drink order and returned promptly.  We got the pretzels with beer cheese appetizer and we each got a hamburger.\u000a\u000aOur food arrived promptly and the appetizer was "fine".  10 years ago I would have called it good or better but time has marched on and expectations are higher then they once were.\u000a\u000aThe same goes for the main course. The fries were unremarkable but decent as were both burgers.  \u000a\u000aThe bill was also fair.  The meal with two drinks and an appetizer was reasonable for what we got. The server was pleasant and attentive. All in all this Fridays as a good but likely quickly forgotten experience.\u000a\u000aI would return here for lunch like I did today.
p1037
aVI'm not opposed to chain restaurants but this TGI Fridays in comparison to some of the other ones in the area truly falls short of the "chain" expectation. \u000a\u000aI order the Jack Daniel's chicken and shrimp with just fries. The fries were undercooked and thrown haphazardly into the sauce holder. The shrimp was over cooked and just deepfried. The chicken was fatty and just tasted like it came from their freezer. Even the water tasted weird.\u000a\u000aFortunately, we had a very nice and charismatic waiter and all of the staff was very friendly. \u000a\u000aI'd recommend the TGI Fridays out in South Hills Village over this one any day.
p1038
aVEveryone's been to Fridays I am sure, but I enjoy the Yucatan Salad it's delicious. My children love Fridays it's usually there 1st choice. I also love the Cajun Chicken & Shrimp Pasta very very good.
p1039
aVDining outdoors after a bike ride on the rail trail.  Just the right venue for that.\u000a\u000aJack Daniels ribs and shrimp.  The ribs were divine.  The shrimp not quite there -- I'd say they were overdone.  \u000a\u000aOur server, Ed, was very attentive.  I asked for celery in my bloody mary.  Not only did it come with a celery stalk in it, he brought over more celery.  Yummmm....
p1040
aVI had a gift card so I decided to use it for a to go order. The food tasted frozen and microwaved. Nothing special just around average!
p1041
aVWent with 5 others for a weeknight dinner. The server was very friendly, but seemed a little overwhelmed. Maybe they were short handed.  The food was to me not even average. I ordered a burger, which very overdone and dry. Had to drown it in mayo to get moisture in it.  My friend ordered nachos and what arrived looked like they had broken some taco shells down the middle, then put cheese and one jalapeño slice on each piece. Imagine 6 half-moons of taco shell.  Not like any nachos I've ever seen, and more importantly not even the way they were served the three prior times my friend had ordered them.
p1042
aVCame here the other day for a late lunch with a friend. The place was pretty dead and we were seated right away. Took 30 minutes for our waiter to show up and we just order both drinks and food then. Took another 30 minutes to just get our drinks (2 beers on draft) and tables who were seated after us were served much faster then us. Finally our food came (soup, salad, boneless wings, and fries). A different server delivered the food and it looked like it had been sitting out for awhile. After being given our food we were completely ignored, along with others in our section. Us and two other tables waited over 45 minutes just to try and ask for our check (one table just got up and left!) \u000a\u000aBeing a server myself, I try to be very understanding to the wait staff. But this was ridiculous, the restaurant was not even close to busy and my section of about 5-6 tables was ignored.
p1043
aVA T.G.I. Friday's is a T.G.I. Friday's. You either like it or hate it. This location is pretty standard; it has the expected mash-up of decorations around the walls that try to give the place a laid-back lounge feel and there's nothing outstanding about the menu or what they offer food wise (and like other Friday's, it's not particularly easy to eat here if you're anything other than a meat lover).\u000a\u000aHonestly I wasn't expecting to eat here any time soon; I had called a few days before eating here while planning a day out with friends and asked about reservations for a large group (as it says on the T.G.I. Friday's website that it's ideal to call ahead when you have a large party). However, I was told on the phone that this location does not accept reservations. So my friends and I looked elsewhere, and finally walked across the street to Friday's after discovering just how darn long the waits at other restaurants were. At least Friday's only had a 15 minute wait.\u000a\u000aOnce we were seated our meal went by pretty uneventfully. I remember that we had to repeat ourselves a lot to our waitress and I had wondered why she was having trouble hearing us, but at least she was willing to ask questions and clarify things as opposed to taking a potentially wrong order back to the kitchen. Kudos. The food, as I mentioned earlier, was standard T.G.I.Friday's. Nothing particularly wrong with it, just not that exciting either. I had actually found one of the only low-calorie items on the menu at the last minute - a steak and vegetable dish - and standard or not I was honestly pretty happy with it. My steak was surprisingly juicy, came out fairly pink and was not overcooked at all (I'd ordered a medium temperature steak), and the simple and tasty vegetables offered a nice alternative to some of the other excessive dishes I saw on the menu. Not that that mattered after I ordered a rum punch cocktail, which mixed so much rum, fruit juice, sprite and other sugary beverages together that my teeth probably rotted a little bit in my head. It was worth it, though - that drink was a sweet, tall cup of Heaven.\u000a\u000aThis T.G.I.Friday's really fits my exact definition of an "a-ok" place - it's not terrible, nor is it not exceptional. It's just a decent place to grab a bite or to enjoy a drink. I'd consider coming back again, but admit that they wouldn't be my first choice so much as a solid back-up plan for when other Waterfront eateries are super busy.
p1044
aVI understand its a chain, and pretty standardized everywhere you go, but I found this location to be especially bad. First, when you walk in the restaurant has a very stale grease smell that permeates throughout the restaurant, nothing visibly dirty, but smells like the entire joint needs de-greased. Second, the service, the host was a typical younger girl, efficient without too much professionalism, not a big deal. The waitress, a "professional" , but unfortunately not in the way of experienced great service, but moreso as experienced in efficiently moving things along.  Our food took a long time, and she 'saved' herself by telling us that she didn't know why our food wasn't ready yet, but would check again, and of course, hot plates with luke-warm food came out soon after. She reeked of cigarette smoke, so i'm going to make a dumb assumption and guess that's where she was.  The food, typical TGI-fridays food, good enough, for a chain restaurant.  Extremely unlikely that i'd return.
p1045
aVFridays seems to have gone down hill. I was quite surprised when we went and there want a wait. I thought we had lucked out. We were seated quickly and our server came over quickly. There was only one other table that had people in the section we were in. \u000aI ordered a Jack Daniels burger-cooked medium. Our food came quickly. My burger was well done and dry. Without the Jack Daniels sauce there was no flavor at all.  The fries were pretty good.\u000aI was sad to see how far down the quality of food had gone.  Thankfully our server did a nice job.
p1046
aVService was very slow from the beginning.. It took a while for us to get our water. I ordered a blue raspberry slushie which also took awhile to be served. It tasted okay.. But the mango peach slushie was way better! You can change flavours! \u000a\u000aWe got the all you can eat appetizers for $10 but now you can only get refills on the same appetizer you ordered. Whereas in the past, you could change the appetizers you ordered.\u000a\u000aSo we got loaded potato skins which was delicious. The skin was crispy and the potato was soft and the cheese was so good! The bacon bits were crispy! \u000a\u000aWe trie jack Daniels and barbecue boneless wings. The jack Daniels were my favourite. They were sweet and crispy! \u000a\u000aThe potstickers were very hot when they were first served and after awhile, the skin of the potsticker was just really floury and chewy.
p1047
aVQuite possibly the worst service and seating arrangement known to mankind. I cannot believe this restaurant is actually redesigned to accommodate bigger crowds better. The wait staff didn't even acknowledge our party  of 9. When they did they seated us at 2 different tables because they couldn't figure out how to accommodate us. See my attached photo of how absurd the situation was because they weren't even busy.
p1048
aVI called ahead so we didnt have a long wait. I checked in when i got there recieved text from them as well as downloaded the no wait tip. All was working until we had one in front and nothing socthey sat 4 more tables and we ask and they dropped my reservation. Luckily the lady at the booth saw my text from them and cleaned a table and sat us right away but that was pretty frustrating being 9 months pregnant w a 6 yr old and my mother in law w back problems and having to stand there when we should have been seated. Otherwise the food was great i got endless apps and it was so filling for the money. Service was excellent we had Ed and we was really great made the experience very pleasant so thank you to him. Overall good experiance other than the reservation experiance and FILTHY bathrooms!!
p1049
aVToday we dined indoors after a bike ride on the rail trail.  I realized I'd never been inside before, only out on the deck facing the trail/river.  While I love the outdoors and would always choose that first, it wasn't available today so inside we go.  This particular Friday's is nice inside with space between tables.  The one in Monroeville seems quite a bit more cramped.  \u000a\u000aThe purpose of this update is to brag about their burger.  OMG! This was the best burger I've enjoyed for quite some time.  I've been to specific burger joints that just simply try too hard and either I've had bread components that fell apart immediately upon being held or various edible entities on the burger that just didn't go well together or overpowered the burger itself.  \u000a\u000aHere, I opted for the "your call burger" in which you select a cheese, a spread, and 2 toppings for 11.95 and it comes with fries.  I opted for Smoked Gouda for my cheese, the Truffle Aioli for my spread and Onion-Bacon Jam and Crispy Cajun Onions for my toppings.  Note that the spread comes on the side which is nice as I didn't use very much.  \u000a\u000aAgain, let me rave about it and tell you this is the best burger I've had in a long time.  The burger was moist and juicy and well-complemented by the cheese/toppings/spread/bun.  I ate every morsel plus the fries plus a small side salad and was a happy diner.\u000a\u000aThat is all.  Thank you.
p1050
aVMy experience at this Friday's was not what I was expecting. I am always looking for new Friday's locations to eat at. This one, made me want to toss the warm beer the bartender gave me, right in their face.\u000a\u000aAnytime I go to a Friday's I order one tall glass of the best beer in America, Bud Light. This beer is like champaign and it makes my whole stomach nice and cold. Well, like I said above, the bartender gave me a warm glass of beer and it was not my Bud Light, it was a dumb craft beer.\u000a\u000aWhat is a craft beer? Why was my beer warm? Better than that, why was my pot sticker appetizer in my beer? I did not find this funny at all!
p1051
aVWas there today and never disappointed service is always high above average! You get waited on fast and was not disappointed with the waiters or waitresses. They leave you alone while you eat and just come by and grab your drink and refill it,
p1052
aVThis place is kind of a hybrid of Applebee's and CPK, which isn't to say it's bad, but nothing to rave about either. I got their slider meal, which was tiny (for me) and my friend got their steak (which was way tiny). The food was fine and the service was okay, but really felt like an Applebee's knockoff (and Applebee's isn't even worth knocking-offing anyway). \u000a\u000a3 stars
p1053
aVGood food.  \u000a\u000aI guess one reason I like this place is they don't hide how bad the food is for you. There is a little Kiosk with all the calories right by the door.  All in all I get the flat bread pizzas and really enjoy them\u000a\u000aThe steaks are also good and the price is reasonable.\u000a\u000aService is always friendly and the establishment is kept really clean and neat
p1054
aVI didn't know what to expect when I walked in, but I am now a fan. There is a cool way to review the menu on a touch kiosk to find out the calorie count. \u000a\u000aThe place looked nice. It was clean and really cool looking. The food was really good and our waiter was nice and friendly. I will be going back to try their pizza and other food. \u000a\u000aWe had a burger, which was really good, and we had the lobster slider. French fries were good to.
p1055
aVI don't care what Cub and Bulls fans think, this Steeler and Penguins fan thinks deep dish pizza is not all that. First, the crust tastes like a biscuit, and biscuits belong nowhere near or on a pizza. I will give UNOs a thumbs up on it's flatbread, it's better pizza than some pizzerias In the area. When I look over uno's menu almost nothing excites me, this place is a dud. Guess what? Chicagoans don't know how to eat hot dogs either!
p1056
aVNot quite authentic but good enough for Pittsburgh. It's the only place that I've found that even comes close to a classic Chicago style deep dish.\u000aI also had the french onion soup that wasn't bad. The croutons were still crunchy and it had just the right amount of cheese.\u000a\u000aMy girlfriend really enjoyed her Caesar salad and said she'd come back just for the salad.\u000a\u000aOverall, I enjoyed it and would come back the next time I get a craving for a deep dish pizza. It wasn't authentic but it certainly was not terrible.
p1057
aVI really don't know why I bother with chain restaurants anymore.  Now that my palate has matured and I no longer think chicken fingers and french fries are gourmet cuisine, I really can't find anything to eat in a place like this.  \u000a\u000aMy husband and I were running errands at the Waterfront, and we needed to find a place for lunch.  We decided on Uno because pizza sounded good to us.  My husband is a meat lover, so I agreed to let him order us a meat-covered pizza.  To counteract this a little, I ordered a tomato mozzarella salad, so we'd at least have some vegetables in the mix.  \u000a\u000aWhen the salad arrived, it did NOT look like the picture.  The menu description is thus: "chopped lettuce, roma tomatoes with basil and garlic, buffalo mozzarella, drizzled with balsamic syrup."  This description is accompanied by a bright, colorful picture of a salad with bright green lettuce, bright red tomatoes, and a delicate "drizzling" of balsamic syrup.  It looks light and yummy.\u000a\u000aWhat we got, however, was soggy yellow and white iceberg lettuce, COMPLETELY DRENCHED in dressing, a total of four tiny pieces of tomato, and some cheese.  It was DISGUSTING.  There was so much dressing dripping off of this dish, it was more like a soup than a salad.  I suspect that the lettuce was so wilted and brown, they figured they could disguise it by completely soaking it in dressing.  Not only was it disgusting, but it cost us about $10.  $10 for complete inedible slop.  \u000a\u000aThe "numero uno" pizza we got was nothing to write home about either.  It was ok... very mediocre.  The crust tasted like it was undercooked, and the sauce tasted like plain tomato sauce with no seasoning whatsoever.  I have been to Chicago many times, had real Chicago deep dish many times, and this just doesn't even come close to the real thing.  \u000a\u000aThe ONLY positive I give this restaurant is they have the kiosk in the front where you can look up the calorie count of the food right there.  It would be better if they'd actually print it on the menu, but they are still doing better than most restaurants in this effort.  They are making strides, too, with their whole grain crust options.  I'm sure there's still a lot of room for improvement, however.  If you're listening, Uno, please work on providing your customers with healthier food - not just healthy options like salads, but work on making the main dishes you serve better for your customers (low-fat cheese, low-sugar sauce, less sodium, etc.).   Their hearts will applaud you.  \u000a\u000aAnd lastly, why does every chain restaurant have to decorate with old signs?  Is there some sort of chain restaurant decorating requirement I don't know about?  It's baffling.
p1058
aVAwful everything. From the bad service, to the diluted soup, to the lame-no chicken on the chicken salad, to the PRE-fabricated pizza. AVOID THIS PLACE!
p1059
aVI really love deep dish pizza. The thick crust that is crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. The spicy, peppery sauce that can singe your tongue. The mixture of ingredients just sliding down your chin as it bubbles out of your mouth. That being said, I really don't understand why people go to Pizzeria Uno. This chain has done to the deep dish pizza what McDonald's has done to hamburgers, Pizza Hut has done to pan pizza, Dominoes has done to hand tossed pizza, and Taco Bell has done to Tex-Mex; it has made it almost unpalatable. On our menu:\u000a\u000aFrench onion\u000aChicken bites\u000aPizza with pepperoni, hamburger, and romano\u000a\u000aLooking past the fact that the service was not the best or the fact that the food came out undercooked and tepid in temperature, the food just was not good. Don't get me wrong, this is not the worst pizza I have ever eaten, but this chain is a perfect example of what happens when something becomes so prescribed, overhandled, and overthought that it no longer resembles the original piece of art that tasted so good. \u000a\u000aI really never want to return.
p1060
aVFood was ok had a steak w/ shrimp side Ass mashed potatoes. Everything was ok not a lot of flavor.
p1061
aVCame here on a Monday night.  Boy was the place dead!  I was the only only Customer at 8:30PM.  Ordered a thin crust pizza with extra cheese, pepperoni and mushrooms.  It was pretty good.  Could of used more cheese.   I wasn't in the mood for the heavy crusted deep dish pizza. This is my first time at this location but have been to several of the other locations in the US.  It was just like the others.  The Caesar salad with anchovies was very good.  The service was very poor.  My waitress spent a lot of time chit-chatting with the hostess.  It was a chore to get water refills from her.  \u000a\u000aThey have big screen televisions in the bar area which can be seen from the restaurant.
p1062
aVI ate here at around 8:00 on a Saturday night.  Reading the other reviews, it makes me wonder if people were a the same restaurant I was.  Sure, it isn't a world class dining establishment, but it is decent considering it is a chain.  You should know that going into any chain, really.  It was basically exactly what I expected in terms of food quality and price.\u000a\u000aWe were greeted immediately upon entering, and while the hostess went to grab menus, another server asked us if we were taken care of.  Service at our table was very attentive and water and other beverages were promptly refilled.  I ordered soup and two appetizers instead of an entree or pizza and the server made sure to ask me about the order in which I would prefer receiving my food.  \u000a\u000aMy fiance ordered a deep dish pizza and we know they take longer to make than other food items.  It was quicker than we thought it would be and he really enjoyed it.  I had the potato skin appetizer.  It reminds me of a "baked potato pizza" that I used to enjoy at a local place back in Buffalo.  It was delicious, especially with the addition of a little bit of hot sauce.\u000a\u000aOverall, it doesn't even come close to visiting an Uno's in Chicago, but then again, when does a copy every live up to the original?  It won't be a regular location in our  dining rotation, but it is good to know that when we have a craving for deep dish, Uno will do the trick and cost a lot less than a trip to Chicago.
p1063
aVMy girlfriends made reservations here for my bachelorette party last Saturday. I highly suggest that you make reservations because we were able to just walk right in and sit down. There were people there waiting 30 minutes+. We had the sangria which was amazing. Our sever Alex recommend it and it was perfect for the 4 of us.  I had their thin crust pepperoni pizza which really hit the spot. My two friend had salads which they said were amazing and my other friend joined me in ordering a pesto chicken pizza. Let's just say there wasn't any food left on the table when we were finished.  I will be back for sure.
p1064
aVPizza ok on it's own nothing great . Definitely not worth the restaurant price.  definitely not like pizzeria UNO in Chicago. Are they even related   or are they just using their name and trademark.
p1065
aVThe menu is outstanding but the pizza and beer is too expensive. For 2 personal pizzas (the size of pizza hut) 2 beers and 2 salads, we paid over $50 bucks. The personal pizzas alone were $11 each... If you want pizza and beer go somewhere else-pasta appetizers, or sandwiches... this place is good.
p1066
aVWell this visit started off good. I was seated right away, no wait. Was given a good beer selection of some PA Craft beers. Ordered the traditional deep dish pizza, but with no onions. Now after we ordered, it just went downhill from there. Was never asked if I wanted another beer, the waitress just gave me more water. My pizza still had onions in it. Which I stated right off the bat, that I didn't blame the girl who took my order. I know cooks can't read. I was one for many years. Mistakes happen, and the manger took care of it and took the item off my bill. NO complaints, still ate the food and it was good. Just not a fan of onions on my pizza. \u000a\u000aNow onto the bill, the server continues to tell me that she was sorry for the mistake and declares she told the cooks not to add onions. I already said it was taking care of and there's no worries. She goes on to say that the next day was her birthday, and if I felt like leaving all my money as a tip, it wouldn't go unnoticed. I took this as a joke as I had told her earlier I worked in the industry. When I hand over the gift card I had on hand, she comes back and again repeats herself, tells me that cash as a tip is preferred as she doesn't have to claim it at the end of the night. And again if I felt like leaving her all my money, she would just be so freaking happy. Let me explain one thing and hopefully I am very clear on it. No server, and I mean NO server anywhere, should ever ask a guest or customer for a tip, yet alone, do it twice! So out of kindness, which I shouldn't have left anything by this point. I left a nice tip for the cost of what food I did  have to pay for.\u000a\u000aBottom line, the food was good for the price, but the service from this one person as I don't know how the rest of the servers are. Was just horrible.
p1067
aVI think the location in homestead has ruined this place. Dirty dirty dirty.\u000a\u000aBathrooms unkept, entry door handle and windows filthy\u000a\u000aPizza had too much sauce on it and was drenched. Server was coarse, not refined\u000a\u000aServing items were old and rusty. Temperature of food was not hot\u000a\u000aLow quality, but probably ok with pittsburgher s
p1068
aVUnos has been around for ever, & I feel like this restaurant chain peak in popularity in the 80's. Honestly the decor inside still kind of looks 80s to me even though its nice with sleek booth and exposed brick.\u000a\u000aIf you haven't died and he recently I ordered you to come back and have a meal here again because honestly the food is really quite good!\u000a\u000aThey have the best chicken salad wrap ever! I love that rap so much I want agreed to walk the south side River Trail from where the Steelers practice all the way to the damn waterfront just because I knew that I could convince my boyfriend to go to Unos with me for lunch.  Full disclosure:  I made him call is a cab and we took a taxi back to the parking lot after lunch.\u000a\u000aListen... The food and pizza and service are very good, surprisingly so! I don't know why this place is not busier but next time you're down at the Waterfront please do consider dining here!
p1069
aVAll in favor of a deep dish pizza say I!.......IIIIIII,  ok now that i have that out of my system. This place is such a great hangout/eat-in spot. I hadn't been here and years and some friends invited us out for the evening. I was so glad they were paying cause  I was low on funds at the time.\u000a\u000aWe arrived on a friday night and of course it was busy there. We waited about 10 minutes to get a table which wasn't bad considering the crowd. We looked over the menu and they have so many great choices. Pizza, pasta, appetizers, seafood, burgers, salads and sandwiches. \u000a\u000aAfter ordering two mango lemonades that were wayyyyy over sweetened we ordered our food. We both are going gluten free which is tough but UNO's gave us a nice selection of dishes to choose from. Plus! They make a thin crust gluten free pizza which taste great. My hubby ordered the mediterrean thin crust because he loves kalamata olives and I ordered the Guac-alicious burger with a Caesar side salad. My salad came out pretty quick which was nice but it had a little too much dressing on it. I didn't complain, it still tasted great.\u000a\u000aI'm not into red meat so I tried to order a black bean burger or get chicken instead of beef, but the ran out of black bean and they couldn't get the chicken so i just ordered it anyway. The burger was piled really high with all the toppings including guacamole and it was very creamy but i couldn't get over the taste of the burger because it just didn't have any flavor. Very saddening. I ended up just eating the veggies and discarding the meat. I snacked on some of my hubbies pizza even though it was only a small amount. \u000a\u000aWe came here twice in one week. The second time we ordered the 9-grain deep dish with mushrooms, parmesan and a garlic white sauce. Was this pizza amazing or what?? I will probably always eat this pizza whenever I come. \u000a\u000aOnly down side is slow service. It took 20 minutes for our pizza to come out and my hubbies was a little over cooked. He got the numero uno which was ok but mine had way more flavor!!
p1070
aVWham! 4 stars outta the park! The deep-dish pizza we had was amazing. I wasn't crazy about the avocado egg rolls, but the chocolate chip sundae was superb. Great service too from Maranda, a doll. Decor is cute. Ambience is lively. Recommended.
p1071
aVPizza is a staple for me. I love everything about crunch crust, a nice rich tomato sauce, and a thick layer of melted cheese. I have never tried Chicago style pizza before and when we had to rescue our friends from car troubles, Uno's was right there so we decided to try it out. \u000a\u000aOnly a 30 minute wait for a Saturday is pretty good for any restaurant in the Waterfront. We were seated at a booth in the bar area. The tables were clean and it was a big booth so the four of us were not squished. Only complaint, the bar was loud and when they did blended drinks you had to pause your conversation because the blenders were so loud. Good news, only happened twice!\u000a\u000aThe four of us decided to order two pizzas, the Pepperoni and the Farmers Market. I also ordered a Caesar salad because I needed more vegetables in my life.  \u000a\u000aThe salad. It was a big salad that I shared with my boyfriend. The croutons were huge and very crunchy. The Caesar dressing was not creamy, it was vinegar based and had a little bit of a "bite" to it as Chris kept on saying. I thought the bite had more to do with the vinegar than anything spicy, but who am I to say.  The lettuce was fresh and crunchy and they even added tomatoes like I requested. \u000a\u000aThe main dishes came out about 10 minutes later. I do not know what I was expecting but the pizzas were not as large as I was imagining. Two of the larger pizzas looked like personal pizzas to me. But!!!! I was soon to see that even if they are a bit smaller they were filled to perfection. \u000a\u000aThe Farmers Market pizza had caramelized onions, spinach, SUN DRIED AMAZING TOMATOES, regular tomatoes, eggplant, pesto as a sauce, and a blend of cheeses. The crust was perfection being so crisp and light that I stole Chris' extra from his plate. The sun dried tomatoes were great adding just enough sweetness to the pizza that I went looking for the slices with the most on them. It was a really really good pizza. We even ended up taking slices home with us! My eyes deceived me at first with the size! \u000a\u000aThen our friends told us that we had to try the cookie pizza. Cookie pizza? What sorcery is this? Matt, the one who suggested it said that we would not be disappointed. This cookie came out in a really large, bigger than our pizzas, dish. It had three scoops of icecream on it with a pile of whipped cream. WARM, right out of the oven, fresh cookie pizza. Oh sweet heavens, it was good. I am glad that I had enough room in my stomach to pile in that sweet goodness. \u000a\u000aChicago Pizza, I would absolutly try again.
p1072
aVI had the deep dish pizza and it was very good!  The individual size was smaller Than I expected for $12 but I wasn't starving so it was very filling.  Our waitress April was very nice and attentive for how busy it was.  We had about a 30 minute wait but it was worth it!  I can't wait to try it again!
p1073
aVWell, it started well. Food was okay. Deep dish pizza was good. But the salad we had - too tiny portion!!!\u000aWe were greeted and seated well. But later the service was not all good. Bad bad service. First of all we had to ask for everything we wanted. The server didn't even had courtesy to ask if we wanted anything more or would like to go for deserts. She just handed over the check when we even didn't ask for it (we wanted to order more).\u000aLater when we talked about this in the front, the girl there also just listened and said "okay", not even a sorry once!!!\u000aI would not like to go there again... :(
p1074
aVWhile visiting relatives in Somerset we decided to go shopping in the nearby town of Homestead.  My aunt insisted that we have lunch at Uno's Pizzeria & Grill as the food was delicious.  When we arrived I had to admit that I was impressed with the decor and atmosphere of the place.  It was fairly crowded for a weekday but we were seated in less than ten minutes.  The waitress was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu answering all our questions with ease.  I settled on a Turkey, Bacon and Avocado sandwich and old fashioned tomato soup after looking over the menu several times.  They have a variety of dishes guaranteed to please all ages.  The food arrived in no time and was DELICIOUS!  The portions were just right for lunch, I was definitely ready for an afternoon of shopping.  The four of us had items off the Two for U lunch menu, our bill was less than $30 which meant that I might could afford the shoes I wanted to buy!  My aunt was right, you cannot visit Homestead without stopping to eat at Uno Pizzeria & Grill, it is FANTASTIC!!
p1075
aVWas very disappointed with the food. It was overcooked and not seasoned very well
p1076
aVIt gets 5 stars cause it jogs up a memory. Back before Pizza Hut turned into a fast food restaurant, the Pizza Hut my grandfather used to take me to was a really nice restaurant. And this location has the same look and feel as the old pizza hut before it went take out. \u000a\u000aSo this is the old style pizza hut. \u000a\u000aVery family orientated dining style. You can sit here for hours. And so we did. We had a heap of use in a long table.\u000a\u000aI ordered one of the small pizzas which were buy 1 get one free. Disappointed in the selection of that. Seeing other choices... I regretted going on the cheap. \u000a\u000aPrices are moderate. 12 for a little pizza... but with all the dough, you get full. Can't say I walked away hungary. Nor did I finish my second mini pizza. \u000a\u000aI want to come back and get that spanich fetta looking pizza!
p1077
aVNice place but some of the items on the menu are not available unless you get a 2 for 12 but that's not what the online menu states. And it's a salad come on..
p1078
aVLast week was my first visit to this place. The raspberry tea was amazing. We got the app sampler,  it was very good except for the homemade guacamole. I ordered a side salad, hardly any dressing on it, and not very fresh. I ordered the stuffed chicken with broccoli & grilled vegetables.  Waited along time for the entrée.  The chicken was good but a small portion.  The broccoli & veggies were water logged. Lots of water on the plate. Tried my friends fried shrimp, it was good with good flavor. Might have just been who was in the kitchen that night so I would give it another shot.
p1079
aVI would write anthems, poems, novels about their pizza. \u000a\u000aI've dreamed of their pizza since I was a child. My only encounter with my beloved Uno was when my mother came home with a take out box that she ordered for lunch that day.  I would scarf down the thick wedges of pizza and greedily pick off the loose toppings from the box. The cold 4 hour old pizza has since plagued my mind.  I desperately tried to find an Uno but found that the nearest one had closed down. CLOSED DOWN. My dreams were crushed, my psyche disturbed. I had become a changed person. I wanted more. I needed more. My mother stopped coming home with Uno take out boxes. I stopped eating pizza. I hated the flimsy crusts that were just cheap variants from my beloved Uno, I despised the New york style that you could so easily fold. Feh, I would resign from eating pizza till I had my precious. My precious, my Uno deep dish. \u000a\u000aIt wasn't until that fated day when I drove past an Uno. The neon lights called out to me, it was like seeing heaven for the first time. I stumbled into the Uno. Dazed, the smell was like nothing I had ever experienced on this green Earth.  There was nothing I could compare it too. I sat down and ordered the Numero Uno with a side of fries.  "No not personal...Regular." I wanted the entire thing, not just a wedge of a dream. I wanted the whole thing. \u000a\u000aIt came out, steaming. Bubbling. Oozing. Fresh. So fresh. I took a bite - the cheese was perfectly melted. And then another - the dough was so thick and tasteful. And then another - ooh that sausage...\u000aUntil there was nothing left. \u000a\u000aI had achieved my dream. But I will be back for more. I will be back..for my precious. \u000a\u000aBut the fries were mediocre.
p1080
aVHow does this place still exist of every place on the waterfront!  \u000a\u000aI won't lie, I do like their Lobster Bisque but every time I've gone it's just over priced, average quality with semi ok service.\u000a\u000aSkip this place all together and get pizza at Pizza Company and take it home.
p1081
aVI am glad that Western Pennsylvania has one remaining outlet for the great Chicago-style deep dish pizza offered by Uno, its pioneer.  Dining here brought back memories of an excellent meal I enjoyed in Chicago last month at Uno subsidiary, Pizzeria Due.\u000a\u000aThe restaurant is attractive and comfortable, and the outdoor seating by the river a delight.  The tables outside, though, are too close and if all are occupied, one can hear every word of what is said at neighboring tables.\u000a\u000aThe spinach and chicken pizza, appetizers of zucchini chips and spinach and artichoke dip were all delicious, but the zucchini was extremely salty.\u000a\u000aOur server was pleasant and attentive, performing many quality checks.  $20.99 is a lot to pay for a pizza, but the deep dish pies are hearty and plenty for two people. $7.75 for a small glass of house wine is excessive.  The $4.99 tariff for the single serving appetizers was fair for the quality and the portion sizes.\u000a\u000aThe weak link was the young lady who seated us.  She was glum, unfriendly, and without a smile.  Instead of saying "Enjoy your meal" when seating customers, she says, "There you are."  How a customer is greeted can set the tone for a meal and this is an important facet of the front of the house operation. At The Cheesecake Factory, the host staff is trained to engage the customer in pleasant conversation while leading the guest to the table. The individual at Uno got us off to a poor start.  A nice touch would be for a manager to provide a quality check and make the diner feel welcome.
p1082
aVMy kids who are 3 and 5 ordered the make your own pizza. I initially had some reservations but it was actually fun for them and tasted pretty good too. I'd suggest it for anyone looking to do something sorts cool with their kids for dinner.
p1083
aVPossibly the worst overpriced pizza there is.  Nearly $20 for a pepperoni pizza for two would be okay if it were good.   Crust is extremely dry and unflavorful.\u000a\u000aIf you want a good deep dish pizza, try Burghs Pizza and Wing pub in Bridgeville.   Their deep dish is thicker, tastier crust, better sauce, and a lot more cheese/toppings.   Cheaper too.\u000a\u000aService was just barely adequate on this visit.
p1084
aVNice place to grab a bite and a beer. Service is quick, friendly and accurate. They've got a respectable selection of craft beers and the atmosphere is very clean and comfortable. Good view of the TV from any angle in the bar area (watching a Bucco's game at the moment) and the bar itself is full service. The Baked Stuffed Spinoccoli chicken that I had was delicious. I have no idea why I don't come here more often... I should!
p1085
aVThis was my first time at an uno's in about ten years. My kids ordered pizza which was just ok.  I however was pleasently surprised with what I ordered, the bbq firehouse chicken sandwich was absolutely awsome.  Two big thumbs up for the sandwich.  Wait staff was friendly and attentive.
p1086
aVThe only reason to come here is because it's a fun place to eat. It sure isn't the food. \u000a\u000aToo much dressing in a salad that didn't even fill the bowl. Like so many before it, UNOs is making me leave hungry. It was a salad with Walnuts, Goat Cheese, and Blueberries, and while it was good, there was absolutely no value in this meal. One of these days I will learn to stop eating at big chain restaurants, kind of like not shopping at big box stores. \u000a\u000aIt's a nice atmosphere and generally crowded and loud. Some would call it fun and I think it is. But, sometimes it's worth a little extra to get what you really want and need in a meal. That's what adds value. \u000a\u000aIn the future these places will be relegated to the last ditch effort when nothing else is available. Only in a pinch.
p1087
aVStopped in for lunch on a Sunday , small crowed for 12:30 on a football day , our server was very friendly , took 5 try's before I found a beer that they had in stock but we made it , I'm crazy when it comes to craft beers and trying the selection you have but keep them in stock it's not that hard anymore , had the 2 for $12.99 , I had the Chicago classic and Italian salad both out standing salad was very large and pizza was just the right size for a lunch , all in all great place for lunch just buy some beer
p1088
aVMet my family here after work on a weekday. Not many people dining here at the time but our dinners seemed to take longer then they should have considering not very busy. As we were waiting on our pizza the waitress handed us a trivia game console to use. We played 2 games of trivia and the game of life. The pizza came and the crust was very dry and not much flavor to it. When we were presented with our check we noticed a charge of $1.99 that we didn't know what it was for.  When we asked what the charge was for they charged us for the games that we played on the console that they gave us while waiting for our dinner. I have never heard of anything like it. I wonder how many people used the games and were charged the fee and paid it without noticing it on the bill considering it was hidden discreetly in the middle of the bill. Then when we were ready to pay the bill with cash. We couldn't get our server to come and take payment. Was very disappointed. It will probably be awhile before I go back if ever.
p1089
aVI used to come here a lot about 4-5 years ago. But then I stopped for one reason or another.\u000a\u000aI came back again tonight after the long hiatus, and I was disappointed. The deep dish personal pepperoni pizza wasn't very good -- the sauce tasted bland, the crust tasted oily and a bit overcooked or stale, and there wasn't much flavor to the cheese. I haven't been feeling well and thought it might just be me, but my husband tried it and said the same thing. He also said his chicken parmesan sauce tasted bland.\u000a\u000aI feel bad -- it was a little like looking at an old Taylor Swift album you used to love five years ago, except now you realize the songs were sappy and she looked completely different. I used to love Uno, but it's not at all what I remembered it to be.
p1090
aVLove the honey crisp chicken salad. It's my go-to dish here.  I actually crave it.  Nuff said. You can feel free to order pizza. I'll stick with my salad.
p1091
aVI've come here on many occasions, my food is usually great! It can be greasy but usually still very tasty. I was very disappointed today however. We got the Shroom pizza. They didn't even use fresh mushrooms, obviously canned....c'mon Unos, GET IT TOGETHER!
p1092
aVToday was a good day at Uno. \u000a   When you join the Uno rewards program, you receive coupons and points. Today was kids eat free for the holiday. The kids menu has an make your own pizza option, which is always a fun activity for them. They also have a choice of a personal pizza(not a make your own), Mac and cheese, tiny Dino chx nuggets, kids sliders, and hot dog, and more. They also had a good choice of sides for them as well. Fries, grapes, broccoli, a side salad, and rice.\u000a   The lunch menu is what we ordered from today, which is a must when you go for lunch. They have a pick 2 menu with 3 pick options. $6.99 you can get a choice of endless soup bar with 4 different soups, and a choice of salads. $7.99 you get a choice of endless soup bar and either a pizza of the day or sandwich or a salad. And the 8.99 choices(I didn't make it that far on the menu for choices), I think it was a choice of salad and a choice of either pizza or pasta dish? \u000a   The kids personal pizza was about 8 inches and filling. The Mac and cheese was also big and had a side of a breadstick. Both choices were good portion sizes to fill my lil ones bellies. \u000a   The honey crisp chicken salad was a dinner size(it was big), with lettuce, tomato, red bell pep, onion, cheddar cheese, little crisps, and crispy chicken tenders, topped with a honey mustard dressing. It was a big portion and very delish. The 2nd choice was a personal deep dish pizza. Very good.\u000a   The soup bar today had minestrone, clam chowder, broccoli and cheddar, and tomato. All the soups at the bar were served warm and very tasteful. And the fact that they had tobasco at the bar, won my heart. The second lunch choice was a flat bread prosciutto and arugula. The flat bread was brushed with a garlic and oil, with mozzarella, then the prosciutto and arugula, red bell peppers and topped with a balsamic glaze! It was the regular dinner size and so yum for half the cost!\u000a    The amount of food they serve you for the lunch specials is beyond my understanding. I just don't know how they do it. The food was very good and the service was very good as well. This is a definite return choice for lunch again soon. Very pleased!
p1093
aVGood food good service. Went today around 5 pm and had a female waitress and a trainee and both were excellent and attentive. The tablets on the table are entertaining and fun. Its a bit pricey for us but nice once in a while.
p1094
aVWas at this location a week ago and it was ok like any chain restaurant is until the bartender didn't wash her hands after leaving the restroom. My girlfriend took her daughter back and while in there the employee came out of the stall and walked right out the door. If this is what they do in front of guests then I'd what they do out of our view. Can't handle basic cleanliness then this is not a place to eat at.
p1095
aVStrawberry Walnut salad was excellent - tender chicken, fresh strawberries and mixed greens, and perfectly sweet candied walnuts with feta cheese sprinkled throughout! The roasted eggplant, spinach, and feta flatbread also tasted fresh, which surprised me considering the short wait of 5 minutes or so. The entire dish was layered with thick slices of tomato, and I liked actually being able to taste the eggplant. The pesto sauce was prominent without overpowering the other elements of the dish. Well worth the $12 Pick and Choose price IMO. I did find a curly, black, and fine strand of hair at the side of the salad plate, so a small star off for that.\u000a\u000aI had a coupon for a free dessert,  so I asked for the mini chocolate peanut butter cup. It was good but not memorable. I liked that there were mini chocolate chip with the peanut butter though. I'm not sure if the outer chocolate was intended to be rock hard or if the cold ice cream on it had simply hardened it, but it was extremely difficult to cut through with a mere spoon. For a free dessert, it satisfied me though. \u000a\u000aThe server, Christy B, was very friendly and attentive throughout the meal as well!
p1096
aVFood was delicious--try the pizza and steak and mini desserts! Fries were extremely salty. Stars off because tables were dirty, wait was long to receive food and waters were not refilled. 3.5 stars because they comped our desserts due to wait.
p1097
aVWe went with a coupon around 4pm on a Sunday so it was rather empty. It's a family-friendly restaurant but don't go for the food; go for the atmosphere or the evening deals.\u000a\u000aMy BF ordered the whole hog burger which was PACKED with toppings (and it's price reflected that). It was greasy. Unremarkable. He ate only half which is rare for him. It did come with sweet potato fries and delicious onion rings.\u000a\u000aI ordered the nine grain Farmers Market individual deep dish pizza. It was dry which detracted significantly from a good flavor. I've been to the other UNO pizzeria in the area and I loved my pizza but I had a normal crust so maybe that was a factor. \u000a\u000aOverall, service was good. Food okay.
p1098
aVPoor management, plenty of empty tables, but line is still over an hour. Waitress had a negative attitude when we asked to have another minute to look at the menu & stormed off.
p1099
aVWe woke up late and missed the breakfast hours of our favorite place. We needed to go to the Waterfront for errands so we decided to have lunch there. It was around 11:30 and the restaurant was mostly empty. They say is in the back near the doorway to the kitchen. We were waiting and waiting for our waitress to come. During that time we realized that there was a child's birthday party 2 tables away. There were 3 tables of young boys and a table of parents. They were mostly well behaved but they were LOUD!!  Our waitress finally came and took our orders. While we were waiting for food there was a waitress standing right inside the kitchen door complaining about her day job. She went on and on about how bad it was and how she was looking for a new job. So in one ear I had a complaining waitress and birthday party in the other.  We were about to get up and leave when our food came. I had the Wedge Salad. It was ok but not something I would order again. My husband's salad, Italian Chopped, was better. It had a brightness that my salad lacked. IF I ever went back, and that's a BIG IF, I would order that salad. I had the personal size Chicago pizza. It had huge chunks of tomatoes, sausage, and cheese. For something that took so long to get it should have been hot. It was room temperature. I only ate half. My husband got the ziti with sausage. It was salty. I managed one bite and was done. My husband has a higher tolerance for salt so he was able to eat it. What we came away with from this experience is to leave. Don't try to stay when the experience is that bad. We were throughly disappointed.
p1100
aVIt's basically the only Chicago style pizza in the Burgh. Not having had authentic Chicago style pizza, I don't know how this chain's pizza compares. However, the pizza is decent. The crust is thick and buttery and the toppings are abundant. However, don't be fooled, they serve up much more than pizza and sometimes, it's nice to have that variety when you're coming with a large party and when not everyone wants pizza. \u000a\u000aI like the versatility here with the varied menu. Sometimes, I don't even come here for the pizza. While the pizza is definitely the star of the show, their steak is also pretty tasty as are the sandwiches. \u000a\u000aThe food is enjoyable but the main reason why this is a go-to for me and my friends is because the service is usually very quick here. There rarely is a wait and the wait staff get us in and out right in time to make it to a movie. With food being rather consistent, it's hard to go anywhere else and chance the long wait times.
p1101
aVThe service and food here are always on point.  Everything I've tried has been so good.  The desserts, you HAVE to get!!
p1102
aVService is always great at Bath & Body. You know you're going into a scent filled area.  I can spend a mint in here. \u000a\u000aService at this location in particular has always been great. Even on the busiest of Black Fridays. I'm guessing good management and good training. \u000a\u000aB&B always asks for an email address, by I no longer get email coupons. ?? Like for years. I get them in the USPS, but why ask for email address then?\u000a\u000aUpdate*** I asked about the email coupons to the sales associate. She instructed me to call the number on the receipt to let them know I'm not receiving. She also gave me a 20% off coupon because mine I found online was only for online purchases. Much appreciated!
p1103
aVStopped in after leaving a friends house and avoiding going home to do laundry. I love BBW & especially the holiday collection. The employee was very friendly. She gave me her opinions on her favorites and told me about the Buy 3, Get 3 Free holiday sale they had going on. She sang and hummed the holiday music being played while i enjoyed browsing and checking out the items. Love BBW!
p1104
aVSince I practically live at the Loft just a couple doors away, I occasionally drop by Bath & Body Works as I'm walking to or from the store. Just a couple days ago, I couldn't resist Bath & Body when I saw their Semi-Annual signs posted out front. Not only did I purchase several candles and a car freshener for the bargain price of $30 total, but I was so impressed by the customer service. The store was buzzing but I was checked on several times. My cashier was just as friendly and also had a lot of product knowledge. I'll definitely return to this location!
p1105
aVIf i could give 100 stars i would. Everytime i stop in here the service is phenomenal!
p1106
aVLove the stores selection but HATE how the girls chase you around to tell you their sales. If I wanted to know I'd ask !!!
p1107
aVInteresting the reviews here are less than stellar already. I would normally not review a chain retail store, but the service I received today just really got my blood boiling.\u000a\u000aI will state, as I always do in these types of situations, that I have worked many years in retail. I know what you're supposed to do. I know the ways I've displayed exemplary service and I know the ways I've slacked off. I get it, I really do.\u000a\u000aSo I'm in the store early. Hardly any people in there. Weird for the Semi-Annual Sale time of year. Usually it doesn't matter what time you're there during the sale, it's always busy. \u000a\u000aI went through my usual bins and picked up a mess of undies and bras. Since no one was at the check out counter and I needed a spot to go through things, I set them down and started to try and chat with the sales chick. I actually always like to do this, just to shoot the breeze, but also to get their opinions on items I'm buying. \u000a\u000aThe girl behind the counter was having non of this though.I asked her about a bra and she said she didn't know about that one, but said it should work. I understand, you can't try them all. But the thing that really irked me was that she was definitely not hiding her annoyance at me setting down my things on the counter. I even looked back to make sure there were no people checking out behind me. Ghost town. Tumbleweed rolled by. No one.\u000a\u000aSo I'm going through my stuff and separating what I want and don't want and she's sighing and grabbing things saying "Soooo, you DON'T want these???" Um, I'm not asking you to help me sort things. I'm not holding up a line. I'm just trying to not spend $$$ on an accidental XS pair of undies that got mixed in! \u000a\u000aAfter that, it's not exactly what she said, but how she acted. I have never felt more uncomfortable in a retail store before. I ended up grabbing my discards and putting them back myself (which I really don't mind doing, but after she huffed and puffed, I didn't even want to deal with her). \u000a\u000aThe thing is, I was nice the entire time. I don't expect you to sit there and be sugary sweet either. Just do what you were hired to do. Be nice and sell some bras. If you come to work in a bad mood, the real world is not going to give you a hug. Suck it up and do your job or work where you don't have to talk to anyone else ever.
p1108
aVIcy cold staff. I have never visited a store with such a bad staff. I went there to return a dress that I bought online. It didn't fit me and all the sales girls ganged up around me and looked at me so horribly, judging me continuously with their eyes going from my head to toe. \u000aAfter some time, they told me twice that it was such a cute dress while lingering on it like looking at their dead pet. I know it was a cute dress, the very reason why I bought it at the first place. It is not my fault that they don't have dresses in the store to try them on. Dresses are only available online. I had to wait for them to get over with their mourning and then someone to volunteer to process the return so I could get out of that store and breathe.
p1109
aVI usually have good luck at this store, and, aside from Goodwill, it's where I get my work slacks and jeans. I find there's a good classic to trendy clothing ratio here, so I can get a great white button up shirt or basic tees, and peruse the more trendy-ish items. There's always a great sale, and the salespeople are friendly. It's a good bargain to get the Ann Taylor credit card (and pay it off every month) because you'll get lots of great coupons for in-store and online shopping.
p1110
aVWithin the last six months, Loft has become my go-to store for tops. My daily commute takes me by the Waterfront every day, so it's easy to pop into this location and check out their newest inventory. Loft does a great job of turning inventory quickly. Every couple weeks, the store has new product with a full clearance section. I'm also signed up for the brand's emails so I know when promotions are going on. They offer 30-40% off the store every month or so (generally around major holidays) and also offer 40-50% off clearance pretty frequently.\u000a\u000aI enjoy the layout and store appearance much better than Ross Park and Robinson. Ross Park's store is very bland, and Robinson is currently in a temporary store. Shopping in an environment with bright fluorescent lights and boring white walls is just terrible, so I enjoy the Waterfront's pretty street-side location best.\u000a\u000aThe employees at this location are just OK. Sometimes I am cheerfully greeted at the front door but am generally ignored the entire time that I am shopping. I recently had a very attentive sales associate who opened a fitting room for me when my arms were becoming full, but I thought that I noticed someone with a District Manager vibe lurking around, which probably encouraged the associate's motivation. \u000a\u000aI actually had a very negative experience at this store during a recent sales event. The event ended at 7pm on a weekday, and I rushed to the store after getting off work. I hurried around the store and jumped into line at 7:02pm. All associates abandoned the registers at 7pm, totally ignoring me and the other two girls waiting in line. When I was finally helped several minutes later, the snippy associate told me that the discount may or may not go through... that corporate determined when the discount was turned off. OK, that's great, but then why did you totally ignore me and your other customers for several minutes? Did you want us to not get the discount? I was appalled by the rudeness of both the associate and a manager I spoke with earlier in the evening, who was equally rude about the sharp end time of the discount. What made the situation much worse is that a good friend of mine was a manager at Loft a couple years ago and told me that ringing up after 7pm would not be a problem. Hah, well it was a problem at the Waterfront location!\u000a\u000aThe only reason that I gave Loft 4 stars is because I love the brand, discounts, and quality of product as a whole. The staff at this location is sub-par and do not reflect the brand well. I hope that Loft does not lose customers based on negative customer service experiences.... They're lucky that I like the product enough to ignore some occasional rudeness.
p1111
aVI love this particular LOFT store! Everything is nicely set and the atmosphere is relaxing. The quality of clothes is really good and I do believe it's good value for money. They usually have more chic and classic clothes which I love. The staff is exceptional here. I love that they are really trying to help finding the right clothes for you instead of telling you "how beautiful everything looks on you". I always feel welcomed and I really do appreciate the fact that I am not being approached by a staff member every two minutes (this unfortunately happens in a lot of other stores in this area). This store feels more personal. Combine that with quality and affordable clothes and happy staff members and you definitely have a new regular customer!
p1112
aVWhen I lived in Los Angeles a year and a half ago, P F Chang's was no great shakes, one of millions of places with good but not outstanding stuff on the menu.\u000a\u000aHere in Pittsburgh, it's the only Chinese place I've found that combines genuinely good service with quality food.  Not, perhaps, as good as what you can get in LA's top places, but fantastic compared to its competition here.\u000a\u000aThe Kung Pao chicken is particularly good, with delicious fried chicken cubes and the usual hot sauce and chiles.  Chicken with lettuce wraps is good too.\u000a\u000aTheir fried noodle dish with chicken, whose name I have forgotten, is addictive but has an odd sauce I don't quite like.  Still, they get the friedness of the noodles right, and there are precious few ... ahem ... no other restaurants around here that do.\u000a\u000aPortions are small, so either plan to get an appetizer and an entree or expect to leave almost as hungry as you came.  The minced chicken in lettuce wraps appetizer is outstanding and you get about the same amount of food as in one of their entrees.\u000a\u000aIf you live in LA, forget P F Chang's.  If you live in NYC, I'm sure there are a dozen better places on a single block.  But here in Pittsburgh, it's just about the best place around.
p1113
aVI hate this place.\u000aIt's very loud, the service is very poor, and the food is so-so.\u000aIf you want good Chinese in Pittsburgh, try China Palace (Shadyside) or Sesame Inn (Station Square or North Hills).  They're quieter, with very good food & service.
p1114
aVAny place that accommodates with a special dietary menu for a little known disease gets five stars from me.  P.F. Chang's has a dedicated Gluten-Free Menu for those of us who suffer from celiac disease.  They also make sure to clean down the area they prepare the specialty dinner so as to avoid cross-contamination.  I don't know many other restaurants that go this far.\u000a\u000aAside from the menu preference, I enjoy my overall experience every time.  Their menu is a bit different than that of what most people will be used to if you regularly eat a Chinese Take-Out or Buffet joints.  Don't expect this to be at all like that.  It's not a Buffet.  They don't sell "General Tso's" (though Chang's Spicy Chicken is recommended for those looking for something similar, it's my personal favorite) or other signature foods that you may expect.  They do sell very similar items with different names and a few of their own adjustments, just make sure to read the menu description and ask questions if you are not sure.  They also sell Sake, I believe they have a few different types.  \u000a\u000aThe prices can get a bit more expensive than your average Chinese Restaurant depending on what you get but it's well worth it.  Portions are excellent and the taste is great.  I've yet to have one complaint and I have frequented this establishment several times over the span of a few years.\u000a\u000aThe only downside, it can be a little crowded and a bit loud.  It's also very dark because of their lighting.  However, I think it sets the atmosphere.  It can be a romantic place or a casual place, I've been there for both.
p1115
aVWasn't terrible,\u000aBut certainly wasn't great.\u000aSave your hard-earned cash.
p1116
aVREDO!\u000a\u000aI went to PF Chang's several years ago and was NOT pleased with the food that was presented to me.  \u000a\u000aMy issue: I thought I was getting Chinese food.  \u000a\u000aMy resolution: Try this restaurant again knowing that it is just reinvented American food with names of those Chinese dishes I actually like to eat.\u000a\u000aSo we returned to PF Chang's for lunch to try this American food in this caricature of a Chinese restaurant.  There were very few people in the restaurant.  The two of us were seated in the largest corner booth and left to review our menus.  When our waitress finally arrived we ordered the following items:\u000a\u000aCoca Cola\u000aIced Tea\u000aPan fried pork dumplings\u000aSesame chicken lunch with white rice and egg drop soup\u000aChangs chicken with white rice\u000a\u000aOur drinks and my soup came out immediately.  Unfortunately I was brought the wrong soup and the server had disappeared before I had a chance to say anything.  I could see her across the barren wasteland that was the dining room and we even made eye contact several times, but at no point could I get her to come back to my table.  I tried the soup and was disgusted with it and placed it at the end of the table.  I didn't know what it was and didn't want to know.  Almost ten minutes later she arrived quite happy with the job she was doing and asked how the food was.  I asked if she could bring out some egg drop soup. I didn't expect to get the stink-eye.\u000a\u000aMy egg drop soup was brought out with the dumplings as well as the caddy of different sauces and oils.  The server really wasn't that into the experience, but again gave me the stink-eye when I told her that mixing the sauces was unnecessary since I knew what each of them was and would be able to mix them myself.  I mixed the rice vinegar, chili oil, chili paste, and soy sauce (my guess is that it was supposed to be tamari) to create a dipping sauce for our dumplings. I took a bite of the soup and it was somewhat better than the other soup, but it was still brown.  I ate half the bowl and left the rest for the server.  It was thick and gooey and the flavor didn't wow.  I saw no reason to continue.  I moved on to the dumplings, which had an okay flavor to them.  The skins were a bit thick and doughy.  The meat on the inside did not balance this attribute at all.  The sauce tasted a little odd so I tried to remix and it was still off.  I tried the components individually and found that some of them were either old, stale, or rancid.  We finished our dumplings.\u000a\u000aOur lunch entrees arrived.  I had ordered mine extra-spicy, but I guess it came Pittsburgh Hot (super mild) and had a lackluster flavor at best.  The meat was tough and the sauce tasted of soy sauce more than anything else.  I tried some of Chang's chicken and was equally mollified.  This was supposed to be their version of General Tso's Chicken.  Now I have never had a General's chicken that was the same at any place.  It is always different.  Many of them are good in different ways.  This food, though, it wasn't good.  Chang's chicken fell into the same category as the Sesame Chicken -- since it tasted mainly of soy sauce -- with the addition sugar.  \u000a\u000aI just don't understand how anyone can like this place.  Even the Yoshida Sauce you get at Sam's/Costco tastes better.
p1117
aVHonestly, I'm furious. I enjoyed PF Chang's restaurants in the Chicago area, and my wife and I have eaten a few times at this Pittsburgh-area location. Over the last year, we have tried repeatedly, but the 90-120 minute wait for dinner is unacceptable. We tried going early, late -- it never made any difference. The front staff was rude, and the wait was too long.\u000a\u000aTonight, we had a special date planned, and made reservations a week in advance. We came in the door exactly on time, waited in the line to see the front staff, and we were promptly handed a pager. They couldn't tell us when we would be seated.\u000a\u000aI imagined a short wait, so we went outside, crossed into a store to wait (since the entrance of this location is so packed, it's impossible to wait at the bar or in the meager seating).\u000a\u000aAfter 20 minutes we gave up. We went back to PF Chang's and the front office staff still couldn't tell us when we would be seated. I saw open tables.\u000a\u000aWhat on earth is the point of accepting reservations if you do not honor them?\u000a\u000aThe food here is good, but certainly not great. We went to a local Thai place and were seated with no problem in 5 minutes. The food was much better, the service was good even in a crowded busy restaurant. Oh, and the local place was a much more reasonable price.\u000a\u000aWe certainly will never visit PF Chang's again.
p1118
aVStars are for the food only.    2.5 rating\u000a\u000aGot there at 8pm on Saturday night, they told us it was an hour wait which was expected, but it only took 30minutes to be seated so that was a bonus.  Started off with the lettuce wraps and i used to be a fan of these but they just seem to bore me now(FYI-love the lettuce wraps at the cheesecake factory).  I had the Singapore rice noodles.  This was so so as i thought immediately that lu lu noodles and asian cafe are better.  The fried rice was disappointing and the vegetables tasted raw.   Some good notes were the Dynamite shrimp, plump, juicy, tangy with a small kick.    Sweet and sour chicken was just the same minus the kick. \u000a\u000aThe service was annoying.   We were there less than 45 minutes and it seemed like our waiter was in a rush to get us out of there.   Constantly asking if he could remove my plate.  I had to sternly say at one point that I will let you know when i am finished.  I found it rude especially since  there wasn't even a line at this point.  \u000a\u000aI think we will travel elsewhere following a movie.  The result never quite met the anticipation.
p1119
aVI like PF Changs.\u000a\u000aI think I've only been here a total of three times (twice it was take out), and I only get vegetarian dishes, but what I've had has been pretty tasty.\u000a\u000aI would definitely eat here again.
p1120
aVI am writing this from the standpoint of someone who can't eat real Chinese food because of gluten issues. That said, I am loving me some gluten-free Chinese food here! If the gf issue didn't exist, though, why bother when you can get real, honest, non-chain GREAT Chinese so many wonderful places in the Burgh?!  But average Chinese is better than NO Chinese if gluten is an issue so thank you Mr. Chang!
p1121
aVPretty Good Stuff!\u000a\u000aPROS:\u000aNice bar area\u000aCool ambiance\u000anice dishes with good flavors\u000a\u000aCONS:\u000aPricey for "just chinese food"\u000atypically a rather long wait, especially on weekends.\u000aVery difficult to even get noticed by the bartenders once its busy at the bar area.\u000a\u000aSuggestions:\u000aLettuce Wraps (just get this as you meal!  LOL)\u000aFat Cat Martini (OMG, YUMMMMM!)\u000aPot Stickers
p1122
aVOur go to place at the waterfront. \u000a\u000aWe usually order the crispy green beans as an app., they are always fried just right and never really greasy. As an entree I always get coconut curry tofu, the veggies are bright and crisp (no open pea pods or limp broccoli!) And the tofu is simply delightful. \u000a\u000aAlways consistent. Never disappointing
p1123
aVWent there for lunch and had a decent meal.  While the Mongolian Beef was beyond excellent, the Moo Goo Gai Pan was average (although I did enjoy the shrimp in it).  Service was fine and decor is pleasant.  For some reason I'm just not in the mood to write a detailed review - please accept my apologies.
p1124
aVSadly I've been here a few times because it's a crowd pleaser when my girlfriend's parents come down to visit. There's nothing really WRONG with it. The portions are big and the food is "alright" and the interior gives you the superficial impression that you're encountering fine dining.\u000a\u000aThe food is sooooo bland though. Everything you get at P.F. Chang's you can get elsewhere in Pittsburgh at a much lower cost and it'll be made with more precision and have better flavor. The honey chicken at P.F. Chang's was so mediocre all I could think about while eating it was heading over to Wai Wai in Bloomfield and getting a tastier order of it for 8 bucks.\u000a\u000aLast time we were there the server was horrendous as well. I don't think I've ever felt as awkward at a restaurant. He brought my girlfriend's father (Don) his unsweetened tea then told him he didn't bring sugar because he asked for it sweetened and then did not understand the concept of sweetening it yourself. He then got all huffy when Don kept asking for it and actually seemed angry at us. When he came back to take our order Don ordered for himself and his wife and before Janey (my girlfriend) and I could order he had already started to walk away. We actually had to yell out to get him to come back and finish our order. (not in an uncivilized or malicious way, either) After that he must have thought we were terrible diners (I don't think I've ever been impolite to someone who is currently at work, or ANYONE for that matter) and he showed it by being silent and plopping things down in a passive aggressive way. It was really embarrassing and every time he came by the conversation died.\u000a\u000aObviously the attitude of one idiot who can't hide his bad day well doesn't really have anything to do with the restaurant. But it's soooooo bland! Go somewhere else for Chinese! Look up Chinese on Urbanspoon and it'll give you a variety of good, local places to choose from at half the price.
p1125
aVMy vegan friend, Deb, turned me onto the fact that one can dine at PF Chang's and stay on a vegan diet.\u000a\u000aVegan friend Deb (VFD) asked the waitress if they could prepare a version of the famous chicken and lettuce wraps. The waitress without hesitation proclaimed they always had a vegan version, but it was never put on the menu.\u000aWarning: even though it's vegan, it still contains the same amount of salt that was reported on all the news channels when the salt, fat, and cholesterol police made the sodium content available to the public. The vegan version is just as delicious and the chicken.\u000a\u000aThey also have vegan dishes like string beans and garlic, eggplant and garlic, and a few dishes with tofu and vegetables.\u000a\u000aI always loved the fact PF Chang's offered brown rice. That nutty flavor goes so well with their meals.\u000a\u000aThe service staff at Chang's is always top shelf, I've never had a bad time here and love when we go.
p1126
aVWe visitied PF Changs on Sunday with a large group of 20 people.  Although they had to split the tables - everything was delicious!\u000a\u000aWe enjoyed everything from the spring rolls and chicken lettuce wraps...to the mooshu that they made special vegetarian for one of the guests...to the fried banana dessert!\u000a\u000aif you are with a group, and you want dessert - get the fried bananas!  They come wrapped in a spring roll wrapper and with coconut/pineapple ice cream.\u000a\u000aOverall, we had a great time and would come back here again.
p1127
aVI've had PF Changs both in Pgh and KC and honestly, I'm never been disappointed nor elated with the food. It's 'upscale' Ameri-Chinese food. You don't come here seeking 'authentic' Asian staples; it's all changed to some degree to suit American taste buds... nothing wrong with that, imo. Do I even know what 'authentic' Chinese food is? Yes, sortuv, somewhat. Will I stop putting quotes around 'everything'? Definitely not!\u000a\u000aIt was 45 min from closing time when we (party of 6) rushed in on a weeknight; got seated, ordered and ate without feeling rushed by the staff.\u000a\u000aThis particular PF Changs, on the Homestead Waterfront, had fast and friendly service, though he forgot our order of asparagus. We sampled everything from the the Szechuan shrimp to the Mongolian beef to the Dan Dan Noodles. Good flavors, nothing that stepped out in the crowd.\u000a\u000aI don't come here all that often but when I do, I invariably leave feeling satisfied and full.
p1128
aVSo I have never been to P.F. Chang's before since I'm Chinese and I'm not a huge fan of eating at Chinese/American restaurants when I can eat delicious authentic Chinese food at home (courtesy of my momma). My boyfriend and I were at Dave & Busters and weren't in the mood for American food, which was what we were all surrounded by so I decided to give P.F. Chang's a try. \u000a\u000aWe came on a Saturday night without reservations, so we had to wait 45min :( Luckily time went by fast while I was on my phone looking at the Yelp reviews for this place. When we were seated, we ordered immediately and our server was very friendly. We got the salt and pepper calamari as an appetizer and then the Dan Dan noodles and Shanghai shrimp with garlic sauce. The food came out quick which was a huge plus considering how busy they were. The calamari was okay. I felt like the strips were cut too thin and we should have received more. The Dan Dan noodles were actually very delicious and flavorful. I really enjoyed them and definitely recommend them. The shrimp was cooked well and was also good. Overall I was happy with my first time experience here and would consider coming back if I'm ever in the mood for Chinese/American food.
p1129
aVLOVE the food!!!!!! Try the bomb pop martini. The service has definitely Gone down hill in the past year. And when I've  told the manger he just doesn't give a shit.  It's either hit Or miss with service. But food is ALWAYS GOOD
p1130
aVFirst time eating at PF Chang- thought the food was fine but I'd rather go to an authentic Chinese restaurant any day. It felt like a Chinese version of the Cheesecake factory.  \u000a\u000aAnyway, it was a Saturday, late afternoon, and despite lots of empty tables we had to wait 20 minutes to be seated and after that waited 30 min  for our food.  I don't know if they were just short staffed the day we went but I wasn't impressed with the service.\u000a\u000aSome nice items on the menu include the lettuce wraps and the salt and pepper calamari, which comes with a separate dish of salt and pepper for dipping. The sesame chicken was also very good.  Other things were fine, just not memorable.  \u000a\u000aI think this is an OK place to eat if you happen to be shopping at the Waterfront and don't mind spending a little time over lunch or dinner. If you want to get in and out in a hurry, don't come here.
p1131
aVThis was my first time at this PF Chang's and I was not impressed. The service was extremely slow even though it was a Sunday night and the restaurant was not very busy. The portions were small. \u000a\u000aThey were also playing 5 year old pop music really loud. Pop music?! Come on--this is an "Asian Bistro."
p1132
aVI was unimpressed with my food and I am even more sad to see, now that P.F Chang's mass produces frozen dinners. \u000aThis is about as far away from Chinese food you can get, unless of course you are eating microwaved warmed shrimp fried rice. The restaurant is cluttered and the music was up so loud.  I had to yell to carry on a conversation. P.F Chang's in the Waterfront is a unmemorable experience. Maybe I would have better luck microwaving my own meal at home?
p1133
aVI really enjoyed my Mongolian beef and pork pot stickers, but \u000aThere was NO presentation of pfc mixing sauces. \u000aOne of the things that sets pfc apart from the run of the mill Non franchise is PRESENTATION and experience.  I was extremely disappointed by the LACK of presentation. \u000a\u000aReservations:\u000aOur party arrived about 15 minutes before our 5:30 reservations.\u000a\u000aAt 6:11 we were informed our reserved table had been given to another party . Obviously someone dropped the ball here.....\u000a\u000aWhen we requested silverware for the table. Our waitress blamed it on the hostess. Yes, theHostess should have provided silverware.. However It was unprofessional of our waitress to pass buck. As a Patron I could care less who's fault it is; just $@&&@in fix it. Defiantly took away from my pfc experience.\u000a\u000aMy Hot and sour soup is usally served with"noodley" things that I drop in the soup. We weren't given any "noodley " things . Not trying to be a jerk but all things being equal the pfc isn't selling food as much as they are selling an experience. This experience is what sets this restaurant apart.
p1134
aVI have mixed feelings about this place. I wish I could give 2.5 stars, but I'm in a good mood so I'm rounding up today. \u000a\u000aThis was my first time here and I honestly wasn't sure what to expect. The first thing I noticed when I walked in was the layout of the dining area. It seemed less intimate than I had pictured in my mind. The tables were all jammed together and the restaurant had a crowded feel to it. Fortunately, there wasn't a long wait as we had made a reservation. \u000a\u000aWe were seated at a table in the middle of the dining room alongside a busy throughway. It seemed all the servers were destined to walk past our table. I appreciated that their menu pointed out that their meals were "meant to be shared." My wife and I decided to share our two meals: Chang's Spicy Chicken and Double Pan Fried Noodles. Before our meal came out our waitress set some sauces on the table in a "here's your sauce" kind of way. I remember thinking, "That's very nice, but I have no idea why you just gave us sauce." There was no explanation - just a little tray of sauces. Our food came out and she finally asked if we like mild, medium, or hot sauce. We picked medium and, with a few scoops, she turned our three sauces into three mixed sauces and I still didn't know what they were for. \u000a\u000aForget the sauce though, my attention was now drawn to our meal. For meals that were "meant to be shared" these sure are little portions. I guess when you go for that high-end presentation you can charge 50% more for 50% less. The food itself was good (in an ok sort of way). I can't say it was the best I've had, but it was good enough. \u000a\u000aOverall I thought the experience was lacking. P.F. Chang's tries to be classy, but does it in a cafeteria sort of way. I was constantly distracted by the front doors opening and icy air pouring across the room. The music didn't fit the ambiance. Our table felt like it was in the middle of the road. The restaurant was loud and crowded. The girls at the table next to us were taking those annoying duck-face puckered lip pictures...  \u000a\u000aI think our experience may have been different if we were seated at one of the booths along the side of the restaurant, but no such luck.
p1135
aVSurprised how empty the restaurant was tonight.   First time at this location.  Great service, but wasn't hard to do.....\u000a\u000aHad a combination Orange Shrimp and Chicken and Chicken Fried Rice.  It was typical PF Changs (Very good).  You can get the Fried Rice off the kids menu for $2.95 versus $8 for a big bowl off the regular menu.
p1136
aVMy daughter & I enjoy  PF Chang's each time we dine there together. I am in Love with the Chicken Lettuce Wraps delicious! It is always a wonderful experience!
p1137
aVI've always liked PF Chang's and, generally speaking, this location is pretty good. I typically opt to sit at the bar, where the service has always been extremely personable and fast.\u000a\u000aThe food is typical PF Chang's: delicious. As one of the chains that provides their nutritional information, it's also nice to know that I can go there and eat somewhat healthy (I'm all about the orange peel shrimp and steamed shrimp dumplings). While some complain about the portion sizes being too small, I've always felt like they were perfect. I do understand how someone looking at a $15 plate of "Chinese" food could wonder why he or she is paying more for less than your standard Chinese restaurant, but it's never bothered me. Most of the meals are consistently good, freshly prepared, and full of flavor. Plus, the sauce that your waiter/waitress makes for you is always a nice addition to any meal. I've tried most of the apps, soups, and quite a few of their entrées and have never been disappointed.\u000a\u000aI've only had one negative experience at this location in the countless times that I've gone, and it revolved around service in the main dining area. I was there for lunch, and the waitress essentially disappeared. I'm not sure if she had been fired, quit, or what, but she took the order and was never seen again. After sitting there for what seemed like an eternity with empty drinks, etc., I finally had to ask if someone else was going to be our server. I had never experienced something like that, but I received free food vouchers for a future visit, and luckily I wasn't in a rush that day, so it worked out. The experience would've made me give the location a worse rating, but one bad experience hasn't outweighed the countless positives: good meals, solid service (especially at the bar), and great takeout service for large orders and smaller ones.\u000a\u000aThe only other knock on this location - and it applies to every PF Chang's I've been to - is the insane wait that you'll encounter at dinner time. My wife and I would actually go there more often if we didn't have to wait forever for a table. I love PF Chang's, but I hate waiting more. If you live close enough, get curbside pick-up, or just find somewhere else. I've yet to meet a restaurant worth a 2-hour wait. PF Chang's, included.
p1138
aVused to wait hours for food here a few years ago\u000a\u000asecond visit in 6 months -  kung pao shrimp was very salty\u000a\u000avery good service\u000a\u000agreat wall cake still very good - kids will not leave without having it
p1139
aVok so i've eaten here more than once but just thought to write a review on it. now, i'll be honest this is the only one i've ever been to, so i don't know if they're all the same but every time i'm underwhelmed. i get there, look at their giant selection and get excited. then i get my meal and remember that i've never had anything too great. don't get me wrong, it's not bad, but for how much they charge, they really need to step it up or at least give me a huge portion. just saying...
p1140
aVOur last few visits have left something to desire, One of the things I always notice is the demeanor of an establishments employees. These people look miserable, no one smiles or greets you appropriately, it's more like get in, get out, turn the tables,\u000a\u000aThe food has remained consistently good... when we can order it. the last time JB and I came for a quick dinner, the place was not busy yet we were passed by 6 frowning waitstaff without getting drinks... for 15 minutes we were left suiting at our table with our menus closed and sitting on the edge of the table (HINT, HINT) so we left and most likely will not be returning.
p1141
aVMe and wife really enjoy eating at this place. It's modern, tasty, and comfy. The only real complaint i have about this place is that the hostess or host whichever is working at the time seems like there doing you a favor by letting you eat at this establishment. The hot and sour soup is the best i have had in Pittsburgh, really good and filling!
p1142
aVIf you look at other reviews you will see that I am a very positive person, but tonight was an utter disaster!!  We sat at the bar and the female bartender  was miserable. We ordered drinks and she was unhappy that we did.  She spent 20 minutes sending text messages and took 3 smoke brakes in one hour while our drinks were empty. We ordered appetizers and they never came out.  She actually brought us our check and we never got our food. By the way we were the only people at the bar.  Finally a bus boy brought us our food after we payed. We payed before our food came because we thought our table was ready. We finally got seated by the windows. Do not sit by the windows because it was very cold. We ordered our dinner and drinks and guess what no drinks. After our food came we asked about our drinks and the waiter said he forgot. Nothing was comped and no manager was available. This PF Changs needs new management!! We will never return. I will give it 2 stars because the food was great, but the employees are absolutely miserably from hostess to waiters to bartenders. Steer clear until changes are made. It's not worth the headache.
p1143
aVCame out here with my parents to have dinner.  I have to say that our meal was all around worth a 4 star rating, but the lousy attitude of the hostess and the man behind the desk who seemed to be in charge quickly lowered that rating.  \u000a\u000aOur food was pretty good.  The lettuce wraps are usually my favorite part, and this time it was no different.  My mom's fried fish peices and veggies was also delicious.  However, my $19 Mahi Mahi was pretty much like eating air... there was seriously no taste at all, and it was tiny!  I found myself adding all the extra sauces on the table just to try to give it some dang flavoring.\u000a\u000aIf I was you, I would order lettuce wraps for an app and lettuce wraps for your meal.  If you have room, lettuce wraps for dessert, too.  Oh yeah, and to drink, lettuce wraps.
p1144
aVsingapore street noodles.  The end
p1145
aVRude unwelcoming short haired black hostess. Drinks were not good. Greasy spring  rolls \u000a\u000aBelow par on every way.  No experience needed to work here
p1146
aVWalked in tonight, Wednesday, at 9:50, the place was empty. Asked for a table, the hostess told us one moment when she finds one for us, then proceeded to walk to a dirty table and clean it!  The phone rang and she answered it as we stood at the door. When she hung up the phone she walked back to the table and proceeded to clean it again!!  Didn't say a word to us. Unbelievable!  Will not be back there-- rude hostess!
p1147
aVThe service started out slow, but they eventually picked up the pace. We ordered the chicken/lettuce wrap appetizer, and we enjoyed it. For the entres, we had the fried rice and mongolian beef, both of which were delightful. I would not mind going back to explore their menu.
p1148
aVWe recently went here for a group dinner with friends.  I am unable to eat gluten and my server (Denice) was knowledgable and brought me special sauces as not to irritate my allergies.  She was amazingly accommodating and when my meal was too spicy (which was totally my fault) she got me something else.  I had the GF beef with broccoli and it was amazing.  She was personable and friendly and went beyond expectations to make sure our table enjoyed themselves.  We were there for a while and were all on separate checks.  I've been to eateries before where that was treated with great disdain.  Never once did I feel unwelcome.  I will go out of my way to eat here again.
p1149
aVGreat food, great atmosphere, little on the loud side but they have turned down the music since the last time we were here so it's much better, good service.
p1150
aVGood quality pork fried dumpling and mongo beef.  Bar service was fast and Efficent.   Good value.  Not a 5 cause dragon eye tea was cold first time around and beef had minor amount of fat.   Fortune was even Postive!
p1151
aVI usually have fair experiences with this PF Changs. I've been inside the restaurant, and have used the curbside to go service. I finally decided to review this based on my most recent experience.\u000a\u000aI can't remember her name, but whomever worked curbside to go on Oct 30, 2013 around 6:30PM deserves a mention. She was very nice, and provided us with the exact amount of condiments we listed on the online order form. They're usually stingy with the chili and hot mustard sauces! She also gave us a couple other sauces to try (not sure which ones), but these were very good. \u000a\u000aThe food here is always in point. I like to get the edamame, sesame chicken with brown rice, and the flour less chocolate dome! \u000a\u000aI'm reducing a star because of past experiences with service.
p1152
aVI've heard it's very much a chain and that it's not at all authentic Chinese food, however despite all that I have to admit the food was good and the service was excellent.  There is quite a disconnect with the loud Rock music played in the dining room and the serene Chinese decor, but I figure it works for somebody!  I ordered the Ginger Chicken with Broccoli and the meal was quite tasty.  The prices are quite reasonable.  Just as long as you are not looking for authentic Chinese dishes, this restaurant will definitely serve in a pinch.
p1153
aVReally awesome food and amazing customer service. I really enjoyed my experience here if I am back in the area I will be certain to come back to this location.
p1154
aVI seriously don't know why people love this place so much, the food here is horrible. The rice is never cooked properly.. And it's not even Asian food. It's fake asian food. I never come here anymore.
p1155
aVI will say make a reservation since it's pretty busy on a weekend!  We got seated quickly with a reservation.  Our server was excellent despite how busy it was.  He was also helpful with recommendations and let me sample a couple wines before picking a bottle.  The manager was also great.  We weren't in love with one of the dishes and the manager came out and talked to us about what we were looking for and gave us a complimentary order of what he recommended.  I will say this - they know how to treat their customers. We'll definitely be back :)
p1156
aVFirst, this is a big chain - not my favorite type of eatery.  For me, four stars is max for this type of establishment for the simple reason that no one has license to create anything truly unique...\u000a\u000aHowever!  The Chilean Sea Bass Marinated in Oolong Tea is freakin' fantastic!  10+\u000a\u000aNow - everyone was happy with their meals and let me tell you it was a ridiculously busy night, servers were threading their way through patrons waiting to be seated and our service was very good.\u000a\u000aI've been to PFC Vegas and PFC NYC - our Homestead PFC definitely beats them both.  So many great little places to try in the 'Burgh, but I wouldn't resist going back to this particular PFC.
p1157
aVThe wait was a little long, but once we got seated the service was very good. There was always a cold beer in my hand and the food was to die for.
p1158
aVWe had another opportunity to eat here today and the experience was much improved. There was no crowd to fight and we weren't seated near the door as we were last time. As I expected, getting a table near the edge of the restaurant provides for a much nicer dining experience. Our service was good and they accommodated our 1 year old nicely. I appreciate that they serve steamed veggies on the kids menu. \u000a\u000aI still left with the impression that the serving sizes were small in comparison to most other places, but we were satisfied and happy.
p1159
aVWent here for lunch yesterday with a friend and it was so yummy! Started out with chicken lettuce wraps and it was totally hitting the hungry spot! Lol. Tried chicken lettuce wrap at my places but this place is one of my fave. Their wonton shop is also full of chicken chunks and shrimps as well... which is different bc you don't normally get all that in a wonton soup bowl.  By the time we ate the lettuce wraps and our soups, we were almost full. LOVE the way their Mongolian beef is made here and my friend had the crispy honey shrimp and it was so yummy as well. Definitely will be back because this place is clean, service is quick, food is delicious, and the price isn't so bad either.
p1160
aVWe went last night Saturday night to P.F.Chang located at the Kierlands in Scottsdale. Terrible Experience!!! after waiting over one hour to be seated, we ordered calamari for appetizer which came with a horrible strange salty sauce and salt and pepper mix on the side. then I ordered beef and broccoli and my husband ordered a vegetarian dish with peanut sauce . After a long wait my food came so salty that I could not even eat and as much as I hate to complain but I had to let the waiter know, so he went to get me one with less salt. My husband's dish was OK. then the second one was a bit less salty but the meat had a terrible liver kind of taste which totally turned my stomach. I feel the reason they added so much salt was to hide the bad tasting rotted meat. Very bad experience. Our waiter was kind and sympathetic. ruined my evening out :(
p1161
aVLet me start off by saying I have mostly simple tastes, and my favorite lunch spot for Chinese has been the New Dumpling House in Squirrel Hill. But since that restaurant is undergoing renovations, I was forced to try something new.\u000a\u000aSo... I thought I'd try the chain PF Chang's Chinese Restaurant at the Waterfront. Wow, what an unsatisfying mistake that turned out to be.\u000a\u000aI started with a cup of their Wonton soup. At $2.95 it wasn't too outrageous of a price, the broth had some flavor and there was much more in it than I was used to, including three giant basil (I think?) leafs that covered everything beneath. In the broth were chunks of chicken, two shrimp, some sliced water chestnuts and two "pork"-filled wontons. As I said, the broth had decent flavor, but the wontons were thick, doughy and under-cooked, and the chicken chunks were dry, which is amazing since they were drowned in broth! On a scale of bad to good, it was kind of meh.\u000a\u000aNext came my "lunch-portion" order of Chang's Kung Pao Chicken (the dinner portion is $5 more). \u000a\u000aAt the New Dumpling House, this dish is served with a delectable dark, rich, tangy sauce, which I was really hoping for... Not at PF Chang's. \u000a\u000aOn my plate I received about 8 quarter-size chunks of lightly breaded and browned chicken, 7 hot Chinese red chili peppers (mostly inedible unless they are diced into a sauce), a handful of blanched, unsalted peanuts, a few sliced scallions, and a bed of the most bland brown rice I have ever encountered. Uncle Ben would've been ashamed if that stuff came out of one of his boxes.\u000a\u000aGlaringly, there was NO SAUCE!. None at all.\u000a\u000aI've had Kung Pao Chicken in New York City, San Francisco, and even from a hole in the wall in Bethel Park, PA that was much, much better. Never have I had it served in such a bland, skimpy, and overpriced way! The "lunch-portion" cost was $9.95.\u000a\u000aAt The New Dumpling House, I could have a delicious lunch, with soup, entree and complimentary hot tea, and I could leave satisfied with just $8 out-of-pocket -- and that includes the tip.\u000a\u000aThe service was decent. However, lesson learned. One and done. Never going back to PF Changs.
p1162
aVStill good food but I find that more times than not when we go we have to ask for clean dishes or silverware. I have found this whether we are at the Waterfront location or the Robinson location. Maybe they need a new contract with a new appliance company.
p1163
aVThis is the fourth Changs I've eat ate. It was pretty good. The food was kinda like it had been previously frozen. Had a strange texture. Some of the changs chicken pieces was stuck together and the breading on the sweet and sour chicken was mushy and falling off the chicken. Overall still pretty good. Would eat at this one again.
p1164
aVMy wife and I came here a few years ago and you couldn't get in the door because of the line. This was the hottest new place on the restaurant scene and everyone wanted to try it. Fast forward to present day and you'd never believe that was ever the case. Chang's is poorly set up as one large open room that's rather noisy. Food came out quickly but was not as good as the Chinese take out we get from sesame inn. Spicy chicken was neither spicy nor very flavorful and had a mass-produced feel to it. Took half home to eat the next day but ended up throwing it out a few days later. Normally one of the great thing about getting Chinese is looking forward to the leftovers the next day!   Another minus was noticing how dirty the floor was on the way back to the bathroom. I don't expect a place to be immaculate in the middle of dinner service but this looked like the mcdonalds on Smithfield downtown.\u000aThe one bright spot was our waitress was very good and kept our water glasses filled. We just came from kennywood so we went through quite a few fill ups during our time there. Short of this, I'd probably give Changs two stars. Probably last time I'll stop in here unless I can't get in to any restaurants in the area and need a place I know won't be too busy.
p1165
aVOur family loves this restaurant.  My children and I suffer from food allergies.   I have Celiac's Disease and their gluten free selection for a Chinese restaurant is great.  My children are a completely different ball game.  They have a rare disease called Eosinophilic Esophagitus where food attacks their body.  They are very limited on their food selctions due to not being able to consume any food with gluten, soy, eggs, dairy, nuts, tree nuts, fish, shellfish, amd corn.  This restaurant takes special care of my kids by making sure they get chicken that has not gone through the egg wash.  The servers and managers are all trained in how to be careful.  Our favorite manager is Joe and favorite server is Kevin.  Call ahead if you have any questions and they will answer your questions.
p1166
aVThis place hit the spot. \u000a\u000aStopped here before a movie and ate at the bar. We got just what we wanted: quick service and some good eats. \u000a\u000aI recommend the fried green beans with aioli  -- soooo good! Who knew I liked green beans?! And this trip I tried some sushi and got the spicy tuna roll. Although it was clearly not pieced together by an expert sushi chef, it was extremely fresh and delish (so who cares if it's not beautiful?!)
p1167
aVExcellent beef with pepper and onions. Waiter made a good wine choice. Fastest food delivery, less than 5 minutes, honest. Both meals less than $30, in and out in 45 minutes.
p1168
aVThey give you such a tiny portion and I got the sweet n sour chicken as lunch and I was still hungry plus my rice was cold would I come Back maybe not
p1169
aVThe only thing this place has going for itself is the decor. The food is very Americanized and not true at all of what real Chinese good should look or taste like, and the host/hostess think their doing us a favor by seating us.
p1170
aVDumb, dumber and dumbest are running the hostess stand. They gave me 7 different estimates on the wait time, none of which was accurate. John Tapper is needed on this property.
p1171
aVGood food, good service, and always an enjoyable visit. They forgot to put in our appetizer order but threw it in for free to make it up to us. A good place to catch a meal if you're down around the waterfront.
p1172
aVI went with my family late at night ,the food was not good at all , it looked like the left over , I hate it.\u000aThe service was not that professional!!!!!!
p1173
aVI used to work here!  Haha, many moons ago tho.  Usually you leave a restaurant job sick of the food and the people but even after I left I still love going in and talking to the staff and getting something to eat and drink and just hanging out.  \u000a\u000aI'm a Changs Chicken junkie and I can't stay away from it for too long.  The bartenders have always been some of the best I've ever seen no matter how many changes they've gone through and this is one of the few places where even years and years later the same people work and still love it!  Says a lot about the people.  \u000a\u000aChangs Chicken, Chicken Lettuce Wraps and Pork Won Tons though are the standard fare are always amazing.  Some other excellent dishes are Kung Pao Chicken, Shrimp Dumplings, Mongolian Beef and The Ahi Tuna.\u000a\u000aIt might be a chain restaurant but this one is one of the strongest links in the chain!
p1174
aVThis place has gone downhill and I don't expect that we will be going back. In fact, I don't expect it to be in business past Christmas. They raised their prices, changed the menu, and removed several of our favorite dishes from the menu. The veggie dumplings are gone, the jasmine iced tea is gone, and the mini-dessert are gone. The food is meh. My broccoli was mushy in the ginger chicken and the sauce was like candy because it was too sweet.
p1175
aVFirst of all, I LOVE pfchangs, but I  recently visited here and had really bad experience. The waitress hardly paid any attention to us. The hostess had to like help her. I even wanted to order a to-go...but I couldn't find her, so I just went up to the bar and ordered it.  I'm a server myself, so maybe I had high expectations. ..but I still tipped her like 12 on 30. I still love it though.  I'm not gonna be an asshole and say "I'm never coming back" bc I know i will, lol.
p1176
aVWe hadn't been at PF Changs for awhile and now I remember why....\u000aThe service was terrible. The silverware was dirty. We waited almost 15 minutes for water glasses to be brought to the table. The waiter forget several things we asked for and above all, the food was tasteless and the portion sizes smaller than lunch sized portions. We were there before the dinner crowd started so the lack of service or food quality can't be blamed on a busy time. Don't think we will be going back there.
p1177
aVThank you so very very very much to the management Hallie.  She literally helped me with immediately with an error that was on my gift card.  \u000a\u000aAlso Hallie visited our table during our meal to see if everything and everybody was okay.\u000a\u000a Also our server, Aaron, was really helpful and sweet.  I am a very very picky eater.  I don't like onions, garlic, peppers, mushrooms, broccoli, rice, etc.  Aaron was awesome in his help as I selected my food.   \u000a\u000aVery rarely do  I eat dessert.  I love their  pineapple coconut ice cream.  There banana sprung rolls are good, but the ice cream is to die for.  The two come together.
p1178
aVMeal was about what I expected. Service was good, not exceptional but good. They are trying a new menu with tacos for breast cancer awareness.  A nice thought but they should stay in their wheelhouse which is Asian. Obviously stick with what you know...
p1179
aVI was a little peeved that the gluten free version of the Buddha Feast cost $10.50 when the regular version cost $9.50. So you're charging a dollar more to give me the gluten-free version of a veggie, tofu, and rice platter?? Regardless, it's worth it to get the gluten-free soy sauce (which I buy for myself and I know isn't THAT expensive). When my dish comes out, it's literally just steamed veggies and rice. No tofu, no seasoning or sauce. I ask why there's no tofu and the response is that the tofu has gluten in it. When I ask if there should be any sauce (aka flavor) to the dish I'm informed I could've ordered any other gluten-free dish's sauce to go along with it. Thanks for the info now...yes I'll take the GF beef broccoli sauce on the side. The sauce comes out and it's actually tasty so my food was finally interesting enough to eat, even though now I'm extra annoyed at paying $10.50 for steamed veggies and rice and why the menu made no mention that you wouldn't get flavor or tofu. \u000aTo top it all off based on how miserable I feel now, I'm pretty sure the beef broccoli sauce they brought out contained gluten anyway! So I paid more, got less, and still got gluten in my food!?!? \u000aNot a happy customer. Not going back. Not going to recommend it to anyone.
p1180
aVDisappointing :( I expected more out of PF Chang's. All I can say is that there is better Chinese at a non chain place, and it is cheaper. Wouldn't go back. I you want Chinese go to How Lee, or China Palace.
p1181
aVWent there today to have my birthday lunch, it was about 1:45 so the place was not crowded AT ALL. Got seated not far from the hostess station and sat for close to 15 mins without anyone coming to the table, no water, nothing. The table next to us who got seated after us had a server and water by the time we left. Got up to leave and the hostess said "is everything OK" I said "no, no one ever came over"and we went to Bravo and had a great lunch! I like PF Chang's in general but if the 2 hostesses watched us sit there for 15 mins I have no idea why they didn't do something. I won't be going back here anytime soon.
p1182
aVIf I had to pick my very favorite chain restaurant, it would be PF Chang's.  I'm aware that it's not authentic, but that doesn't mean it's not delicious.\u000a\u000aWe stopped by after some shopping in the area on a snowy Friday, and were able to get a table pretty quickly.  The hostess and server were both friendly.  My husband enjoyed a glass of sake, and I had a mai tai that turned out to be delicious.  We split an order of lettuce wraps as an appetizer; they don't custom-make your sauce any more which is disappointing, but they did happily provide us with chili paste and hot mustard to doctor it up ourselves.  His Chang's Spicy Chicken (extra spicy) turned out great, and provided the extra requested heat.  My Orange Peel Shrimp were as good as I'd remembered-- perhaps better because they have some fresh orange slices included as well.  We also ordered a Great Wall of  Chocolate.  If you like  chocolate cake at all, you'll love this one.\u000a\u000aPF Chang's consistently provides good Chinese in a trendy (but still casual) atmosphere at a decent price, and I'm always a fan.
p1183
aVThis is largely a review for Sean, a managing partner at this location. I had gone to this location while in town with my family for the holidays, looking for a non-cooking escape before getting inundated with guests. A few of us ordered the lunch special with soups, my mom had ordered the butternut squash ravioli, and we also got an order of street noodles and started with summer rolls. Everything was great (the street noodles in particular are fantastic), but the service was a bit of a disaster- dishes came out more than 10 minutes apart from each other, a huge mood killer with a big family meal; a few dishes came out dirty; soups didn't come out at all; and our waitress made up excuses and didn't apologize when she had in fact missed some of our orders. We were feeling really ignored and discouraged, until we let Sean know. He took great care of us and went way, way out of his way to make up the experience. I really can't thank Sean enough for making sure we left in a good mood after what could have been a very negative experience. Heaven knows that a positive tone is ESSENTIAL going into the holidays with family!
p1184
aVIf I had to use one word to describe my experience : Depressing. And even that is being generous.\u000a      I came in with two of my friends for new years eve before continuing on to the remainder of the evening. We ordered drinks at the bar while we waited for our table. My friend and I ordered the Asian pear mojito, which was decent. My other guest ordered a jack and coke and was immediately depressed to discover that it was all jack Daniels and a splash of coke for color.\u000a   When we got to the table, we were hoping for a better experience. Little did we realize, we would suffocate while holding our breath. \u000a      We ordered the combination fried rice, described  containing egg, chicken, pork, shrimp, and beef. When it arrived to the table, the only egg that was present was the ones we were wearing on our faces.\u000a     We also ordered the honey chicken and the beef with broccoli and again hoped for better quality. There were no complaints with the chicken, the only star of this evening. \u000a      The beef was disappointing to say the very least. To start, the kitchen sent out Mongolian Beef, rather than the intended entree. When they refired the dish, and it was presented, it looked better than it actually was. Never in my life have I bit into a piece of beef and instantly fear cracking a tooth. The beef in the dish was tough, and crunched (again a new first for me). \u000a              It will most likely be a very long time before I return. My only regret is I cannot leave a 1/2 star rating.
p1185
aVFood was good. Service was super fast. We had to wait about 20 minutes even at 8:30 a night. Super packed on the weekend. Drinks are on the higher range.
p1186
aVLet's put the food aside here for a moment.  Let's talk about customer service for a moment.  Earlier this week, I had the misfortune of dining at the Waterfront P.F. Changs.  It was bitter cold outside. Their food is usually good, so my husband and I ducked in to get a bite before we went to the movies.  We were seated and we quickly ordered because we wanted to make our show time.  I didn't notice it at first, but I soon realized that it was cold in the restaurant. I asked about the heat and I was told that there was no heat - that it had broken earlier that day.  I asked our server why they hadn't mentioned this when we came in.  Well, I already know the answer to that - we would have turned around a gone somewhere else.  Then the manager came over and apologized.  I mentioned to him that it might have been nice to be warned about the heat (as I sat there in my coat).  He seemed to agree with me, but still allowed at least another 20 people enter the restaurant without saying a word to them. Not one word. Oh, he did offer me some dessert. That's what they usually do when someone has f**ked up.  In this case it didn't matter.  I quickly ate and left to make my movie.  This is the second bad experience I've had at this particular location.  Last time I was there, the floor was pretty dirty which always makes me nervous.  What does the kitchen look like?  I'm not against P.F. Chang's because it is a chain I have gone to in other states and have always liked the food.  This location needs to get their act together.
p1187
aVMy wife and I ate here on a Saturday night.  The place was packed and we waited for an hour for a table.  The staff was very friendly and attentive.  The food was above average oriental cuisine.  We enjoyed egg rolls (best part of the meal), orange peel beef, and sweet and sour chicken.  Good meal but pricey.
p1188
aVdisappointed, service was ok, not what it used to be, food wasn't that great either, the cook used way to much pepper on the rice. Chicken was very tough. So then some college kids end up sitting behind us, and was acting like they where in a bar. We had our kids with us and I came close to saying something, but the manager should have seen that and took care of it, he was at there table twice.
p1189
aVMy girlfriend and I just ate here this was my first time eating at PF Changs but I had heard very good things about this restaurant. Starting with the service the server did not ever tell me his name I am also a waitress so I expected good service to begin with he was very quiet and when we did receive our food he never came back to ask how it was he was not very attentive at all however we both work in the service industry so we decided to give the food a chance since that's what we had come here for. My girlfriend got an appetizer of the edamame and the fried green beans the edamame was very Bland and needed seasoning the green beans were not spectacular although she did say that she enjoyed the sauce. for entrees I had the sweet and sour chicken I have had sweet and sour chicken from several other Chinese restaurants including take out and I was very displeased with the sauce and the poportion I've had better for cheaper. My girlfriend had the chicken fried rice which was fine but it's also a very easy dish overall we rated this restaurant with one star because we did not even care to stay for dessert even though the desert did look appetizing. I am pretty disappointed in my first experience I don't think that I will return again but you never know
p1190
aVThe margaritas had too much sweetness too them even though they were organic - agave, lime juice, and tequila.\u000a\u000aWe had the pan-fried pot stickers, but they were barely fried...I wanted a little more crunch to them.  However, the pork was pretty flavorful and I liked the sauce they were topped with.\u000a\u000aMy boyfriend ordered the Hot Fish, but it was way too salty.\u000a\u000aI had a spicy lamb dish with grape tomatoes and mint which was actually delicious.\u000a\u000aUnfortunately, the service was definitely "meh" and one of the food runners spilled sauce on my boyfriend's pants...not cool.  The waiter offered seltzer water to try to get the stain out, but took forever to bring it to us.\u000a\u000aI would give this place another chance, but will definitely ask for less or no salt, and hope for a better waiter next time.
p1191
aVI normally love this chain restaurant, but this wasn't a good experience.  We arrived on a Saturday afternoon and there were plenty of empty tables.   Our server was very perky and took our drink orders.   \u000a\u000aOne of the reasons we picked here is because they have a nice gluten free menu.  We ordered appetizers, soup and entrees.  Our soup arrived first which just irks me.   Appetizers first please!!!!!!     The wonton soup was good, a bit different than most since it contained several shrimp and water chestnuts. We then waited a long time for our dumplings.  They were presented by a kitchen staff and looked beautiful but they didn't bring plates and he dashed away before we could stop him.  Although our server had stopped by too many times before this, she was now nowhere in sight.  We just ate them off the serving plate. Good, not great.  Not really hot, especially after waiting all that time.  The server did come by at some point to apologize for the delay and explained that's why she brought soup first.\u000a\u000aThe manager and the server continued to keep dropping by to the point of annoyance.   We waited forever for our food which was crazy since there were few patrons.  \u000a\u000aOur entrees came, again with no plates. We caught him this time and he slowly brought back 3 plates.   The bottom one was dirty and nobody in sight again. I got up and went to a serving station where a different server was standing and asked for a clean plate. He reached under the counter, pulled out a plate and then picked a white cloth up off the counter, wiped the plate and gave it to me.  I stated I didn't want a plate he had just wiped with a cloth laying on the counter and he stated it was how they cleaned their plates.   WHAT????????\u000a\u000aI went back to the table and used a small bread plate for my meal.  I was truly disgusted.  The server stopped by and my husband started to tell her our situation but I stopped him since we had spent soooooooo much time talking with this server that I didn't want to prolong this anymore.  \u000a\u000aAs far as food goes, the gluten free Mongolian beef was good.  The lemon chicken was tough and too thick.  The fried rice had no eggs and wasn't hot.  Overall, not a great experience.
p1192
aVDecent/friendly service.  Slow kitchen (on a slow night with less than 1/4 filled).  Uneven food preparation.\u000a\u000aWhile the food could be very good, the place has very uneven quality in every aspect of the restaurant.  We had a large dinner (over 5 people and over $250 in total bill), and here's our impression.\u000a\u000a1) Food - Appetizers were very good, Chicken Lettuce Wrap, great as usual.  Lobster/Shrimp Taco excellent.  Sushi was lackluster across the board, almost not worth ordering - you might get better ones off a buffet assembly line.  The soups were uneven - Wonton soup excellent.  Hot n Sour soup is dense and salty, and again, worse than a standard $5 Chinese restaurant buffet line.  Main Entree is uneven as well - not particularly flavorful.  The new entrees are hit and miss.  Lamb is good and tender, though tasted nothing like lamb (just beef-flavor, the sauce is very heavy).  But the Chilean Sea Bass (Hong Kong style), one of the most expensive item on the menu, is severely undercooked - we should have sent it back but did not (our fault).  This is how under-cooked it is - we tried to cut it with a knife, and cannot because the middle was NOT cooked.  And Sea Bass is so flaky and it's supposed to fall apart at the touch of a fork.\u000a\u000a2) Service - Server is friendly, and accommodating to different requests.  Fresh plates are brought during change of courses.  On the other hand, the restaurant, though encouraging "family style" serving, does not quite know how to serve food in family style.  There are extended wait time between appetizer, to soup, to sushi, to entrees.  Family style would require items to be brought up as each is ready, rather than having guests wait for extended time and then have everything arrive at the same time.  For a place that was less than 1/4 seated, there was far too much wait time (20 min) between appetizer and just soup, and again extended wait between sushi and hot entrees.  By the time the main courses arrived, it was almost anti-climatic and people were pretty much full/tired.  It was not clear whose job it was to clear off the "empty" plates when food is eaten, a number of times it was piled up on the corners of a small table - again, at far cheaper buffet lines, these plates would have been cleared much, much sooner.\u000a\u000aOver the last decade, our P.F. Chang experience have gone from excitement to just a periodic visit with out-of-town guests - and the uneven food and service experience is not likely to encourage many re-visits.
p1193
aVOne of the more embarrassing chains around. Basically a culinary minstrel show. Make-believe "Asian" food served alongside alcohol to full the senses, which would be necessary to enjoy this place.
p1194
aVP.F. Chang's China Bistro is a chain that is located across the states. This particular restaurant was the first that opened in Pittsburgh. It is good to come for lunch since they offer a shared 4 course special for a party of two for around $42.00.\u000a\u000aYou start off with a cup of soup, It is usually egg drop but they did let us substitute won ton for no additional cost. You then get a choice of an appetizer. We chose two egg rolls which we could split. You get the entree of choice. I had sesame chicken and my girlfriend had crispy honey chicken that was lightly battered and came with rice sticks.\u000a\u000aI enjoyed the soup, egg rolls and my sesame chicken. It came with peppers and broccoli. It was very good. You can only order white or brown rice with this special. I would imagine fried rice comes for a slight uncharge. My friend liked her chicken but said that the rice sticks had no flavor to them. \u000a\u000aThe last course was a dessert that was fried banana with a scoop of ice cream and some fruit.It came with two forks so it was a bit difficult to split in half but we managed. We liked the banana but weren't too fond of the ice cream. All in all it was a good deal for lunch. They do offer lunch specials during the week for smaller portions as well as cheaper prices. \u000a\u000aThey have a full bar with TVs blaring. Located near Barnes and Noble at the Waterfront it wasn't too crowded so we were able unwind and enjoy a nice lunch at a decent price.
p1195
aVGreat food. I've come to love Pf Chang's when it comes to Chinese food. Never disappoints me. Always a 5/5.
p1196
aVDinner with Friends,\u000a\u000aThe PF Chang's experience has transformed into more of a drive though than quality food. Our meal service took over 2 hours and each couple had to return at least one item to kitchen (appetizer or main entree).  I've been to other franchise location which are spectacular this location "not so much".
p1197
aVNormally I don't review chain restaurants, but all the negative reviews inspired me to speak up. The service was excellent, the food was exactly what you would expect and want, and the whole experience was great. \u000a\u000aI'd never been to a PF Chang's before, and based on all these reviews I almost didn't go this time. But it was awesome! No complaints at all.
p1198
aVGordons in the Waterfront is exactly what I needed for new shoes after I was allowed to walk again after a fracture in my foot.  The man who waited on me was kind, patient, and even let me know about a sale going on.  The selection and quality of shoes is wonderful.  You won't get cheap shoes here but you will get the best. Worth every cent.
p1199
aVExtremely helpful staff that knows exactly what shoes are comfortable yet stylish. The shoes I bought were high quality and durable. I was extremely impressed by the staff.
p1200
aVSince I have foot problems and am limited as to the type of shoes I can wear I generally come here. Normally both of your feet are measured for accuracy.  Most styles come in European sizes so I am familiar with the size I normally wear.\u000a\u000aThey also sell orthotics which you can put in sneakers or special orthodics for dress shoes. If you have a foot problem they will give give you 10% off your purchase of the orthotic once your mention your doctor's name.\u000a\u000aI normally come here for sneakers, sandals and on rare occasion a dress shoe. They offer a reward program for the amount of your purchase once you reach a certain threshhold.\u000a\u000aI have never had a problem with any of my orthotics and give them a high recommendation. They do offer trunk shows which was the reason for my recent visit since I needed a pair of summer sandals and a waterproof sneaker for an upcoming trip. Normally they sell New Balance for sneakers and their prices are relatively comparable to that which you would find in other shoe stores.\u000a\u000aHowever, the do carry some better lines so expect to pay a little more if you want the quality of a name brand shoe. You are permitted to purchase the items and try it around the house to see if you are comfortable with it. If unhappy then you have two weeks to return it at which point it becomes a final sale.\u000a\u000aTime will normally tell if I had made the right purchase or not. I bought a pair of waterproof sneakers and an Allegra sandal which is versatile. They were kind enough to stretch the sneaker to make sure it wasn't bothering my bunion.\u000a\u000aLocated at the Waterfront parking can be a bit difficult but there is usually ample parking in the back of the complex.
p1201
aVI regularly rent cars at Enterprise, the people at the Munhall location are great! The cars are excellent, usually a good selection and fast check in and out.
p1202
aVMy family and I were treated well.
p1203
aVI reserved a car onilne via Enterprise's 800-number. I was told my car would be $57 for a three-day rental, including fees and taxes.\u000a\u000aWhen I got to the local office to pick up my car, I was told that I needed insurance. Okay, that's fine. The man at the desk told me the rate was (his words) "Seven dollars a day." He said this at least twice. Over the course of the conversation, that became "$25 for three days." I didn't think much of that, because "seven dollars a day" works out to close to "$25 for three days." And when I got the actual receipt, it was $25 for EACH day. And as we all know, "$25 for three days" is very different from "$25 a day."\u000a\u000aIn addition to that, my rental was a little more than the $57 I was quoted on the 800-number. Not much more, but enough to make it not right.\u000a\u000aSo, my $57 rental, plus $7/day insurance, should have been about $88. Instead, my total was about $129.\u000a\u000aBottom line, Enterprise can't be trusted. Not at this location, at least. I will never use them again, and plan to talk to the Better Business Bureau about their business practices when I return to town on Monday.
p1204
aVI typically always rent from Enterprise. The staff is courteous and helpful. The only complaint I have this time is the rental car itself. It was very nice on the outside, but very clear, someone had trashed the inside. The driver's side carpet had big holes in it, the upholstery was cloth and leather, and terribly stained all over. The car needed new windshield wipers, as I found out during a torrential rainstorm in TN, and the tire pressure gauge light was on for the whole trip home. Now if Enterprise would sell this car to me for a great price, I would buy it!!  However, I hope that whoever trashed the inside was held responsible. I would have been embarrassed had family members or friends ridden in it with me. I covered the back seat with a blanket, and my dog didn't mind at all! lol  I will still continue to rent from Enterprise.
p1205
aVThis is by far my favorite Panera location in the Pittsburgh area. Friendly, plenty of room to sit, and good quality food & coffee. Panera is a great place to hang out and read the news - they even have free WiFi! Try their toasted sandwiches, especially the chicken bacon dijon.
p1206
aVI live close by so I go here frequently pretty much for the free WIFI and espresso. But here's a secret - they don't seem to know what an Americano is so often I am charged like 75 cents for a double shot of espresso to which they add hot water upon my request. Needless to say coffee is not expensive here as you can fill up as many times as needed without being hassled. Although there regular coffee is undrinkable to my taste. Pastries are baked fresh and are plentiful. There is other foods to choose from ie whole grain bagels are edible and about a buck with no extra charge for butta. Outside seating and people watching is always a good distraction plus there are all kinds of people who frequent this Panera from the very very old and decrepit to the fashionistas taking a break from Victoria Secrets, Ulta, Wet Seal and the other various shops at this water front location.
p1207
aVHad lunch here after getting my nails done in the Waterfront.  It's your standard Panera - lots of seating and a sunny room from all the windows.  Our food was made very quickly, even though the place was pretty busy (lunch on a Saturday).  Chicken noodle soup is tasty, but there was too much broth and not enough noodles and chicken.  I tried their Sierra Chicken sandwich for the first time, and it was pretty good.  It's very flavorful, I like whatever they put in their chipotle mayo.  It was a salty meal though - definitely had me running to the fountain machine to get more water.\u000a\u000aIf I have to get a quick, light meal and only chain options are available, Panera is my best choice.  It's definitely predictable and usually tasty.  But there isn't much special about it, of course.
p1208
aVI Love all Panera, equally!\u000aI am def a fan of this easy, better than fast food, time-killing eatery.\u000a\u000aGreat place for a lunch social/date with good eats and a good place to sit and talk for a while or to get some work done between appointments.\u000a\u000aPROS:\u000aGreat Food;\u000aFree WiFi (though some locations are limited to 30 minutes during the lunch hour);\u000aSeating is always tricky at the lunch hour.\u000a\u000aCONS:\u000apricey for salads, soup and sandwiches;\u000atables should be wiped more frequently--even if you have to ask a newly seated guest if they would like it wiped, the tables should be wiped!\u000a\u000aFor Pete's sake, give a fork with the Mac and Cheese, not a SPOON!  lol
p1209
aVI really enjoy Panera, and this restaurant meets my expectations. I particularly love the Asiago Cheese Bagel, Caesar Salad, Bacon Turkey Bravo Sandwich, Tuna Salad Sandwich, Smokehouse Turkey Panini, Broccoli Cheddar Soup, and Iced Chai Tea Latte. I've ordered all of these items at this location, and they have been very tasty.\u000a\u000aI have had this location run out of the side of French Baguette once or twice. However, last time that occurred, I asked for a bread bowl as a replacement, which I was given for free.\u000a\u000aI'll definitely be returning soon!
p1210
aVI've had bad experiences here a few times now.  I wrote panera bread and haven't heard back.  Bad service all around!!!  Basically, we ordered our food, they ran out of what we wanted, so just decided to make us something else with out telling us.  When we got our food, we asked why they made us that instead of what we ordered---'oh it was the closest to what you wanted'.....hmmmm how about you tell us that before we pay, and how about you give us our money back.  Really, you don't get much for what you pay for at panera.  Its not very good at all.
p1211
aVIt's the same Panera food you've had before.  I like the other ones better as they are often  faster at preparing food than this one.  That said the food is fine and the staff is nice enough.\u000a\u000aThey have warm cookies for $2.00.  That is a nice feature.
p1212
aVIt seems silly to rate a chain so I won't talk about the food. \u000a\u000aI just love coming to this Panera because it's right by Barnes and Noble.  I recently started getting into the Panera card. Compared to the other Paneras I have to say that this one seems cleaner, bigger, and all around nicer.  Of course I would never go out of my way to get here but if you're at Barnes and Noble and aren't happy with the sandwiches there (which I was) I would venture on over to Panera.
p1213
aVService here is pretty bad. They were out of napkins and cup lids. I ordered chicken tortellini pasta and chicken noodle soup. My chicken seemed undercooked in the pasta and there wasn't any chicken in my soup.
p1214
aVAmazing amazing place and I really enjoy to eat there and drink the prices they not high, very good service and fast .
p1215
aVPanera bread has to be the most inconsistent restaurant I have ever been to. I have posted two pictures of the strawberry poppyseed chicken salad. The first one looks delicious the second one looks like they could've used a smaller bowl. It did not even look appetizing.
p1216
aVThis use to be my go to Panera Bread.  When I worked in the area I would stop here before work to grab my breakfast and then stop to get my lunch as well.  I was happy when I left the area and moved on to bigger and better things.  My waist also appreciated it.  Those scones are delicious.\u000a\u000aI recently stopped back here when I was shopping and was pleasantly surprised.  With all my new allergies I came in here hoping to get some bread.  Not knowing, nor doing my homework before I showed up, I asked the manager if one particular bread had corn syrup in it or not.  Not knowing the answer herself, she was kind enough to pull out a binder that contained all of their recipes, ingredients included.  After looking through it for a few minutes I was able to select the bread I wanted.  They will sliced the bread thick or thin for you there right now.  If you would rather slice yourself, I am sure they will wrap it up and you can go on your way.  Yes, it's true, it may be a bit more expensive than your cheap bread on the grocery store shelf.  But it is much better tasting.
p1217
aVIn general, I like Panera so rather than reviewing Panerai overall, I'm going to compare this Panera store to other Panera stores that I've been to.\u000a\u000aI've been here a couple times and so far, no major complaints in terms of food and service. The people are generally friendly (honestly, they are probably the friendliest Panera staff I've seen in all of the Panera stores I've been to in Pittsburgh, although I haven't been to them all). Once, I came in after breakfast time and asked for a quiche and they gave it to me without any problems. I haven't had to wait super long, even if there are a lot of people. \u000a\u000aHowever, my biggest problem with this Panera store is that there are hardly any outlets and seating is rather a pain. I like to go to Panera to eat and do work at the same time but it's rather hard when there aren't many seats and very few outlets.\u000a\u000aFood: 4 stars - just your average Panera food\u000aService: 5 stars - as mentioned, pretty good experience\u000aSeating: 1 star - don't come here to work or come with a huge party\u000aOverall: 3 stars
p1218
aVNon existent internet service.   I came here to do some work on my laptop and the internet speed wasn't strong enough.  :(
p1219
aVSometimes I use Panera as a lunch place and sometimes I use it as an office. Either way I tend to spend a lot of time at Panera. If I am meeting someone I prefer to sit in a booth for more privacy. I like the homey feel of Panera and love it when I get to sit by the fireplace. \u000aThe bakery items are always fresh. It's nice that they keep the chocolate chip cookies warm. Yum!\u000aThe food is unpredictable. Sometimes it's good and sometimes it's not so good. The serving sizes on their soups and salads have shrunk considerably in the last year. They do have a good selection of food. They keep adding healthier options. Their recent addition is Soba Noodle Bowls. They look good but I sense a lot of sodium hides in them. \u000aIf you need a place to meet someone to chat or get some work done it is a good place. Food wise there are many other choices to consider around the city for better food at the same prices.
p1220
aVPanera is one of our family's favorite restaurants. Everything is great. Kids love bagels and chicken noodle soup. Adults usually order "you pick two". Sandwiches, salad are all very good.
p1221
aVThis Panera Bread location is ideally located in the Waterfront shopping center in the midst of several shops and a large parking lot. The space itself is much larger than many other locations I have been to and has ample seating, which is always a good thing. Unfortunately, the service is slow and unfriendly (there was no line and it took a few moments for someone to notice there were customers trying to order). I was surprised that I was automatically given a baguette with my meal rather than being offered a choice between the bread, an apple or a bag of chips. Perhaps it is this location, or maybe it was just a one-off oversight. As I mentioned, there is plenty of seating, but our options were limited because all of the tables were disgusting with trash on them and in desperate need of a wipe-down. If it were over lunch or a rush, I would be more sympathetic, but there were only a handful of patrons in the entire establishment. I was also upset that the WiFi was not functioning. Despite my nitpicking, the food was fine and it is a standard Panera, just not a stellar location.
p1222
aVIt has been several months since I visited Panera Bread. It is a bakery cafe chain with free WiFi. Prices are reality the same although from time to time they change their seasonal offerings.\u000a\u000aFood is fair. You order and you are given a buzzer to let you know when your food is ready. They use real dishes and silverware. The menu gives you a calorie count of each item you are purchasing.  One of the popular feature items is you pick two where you can have half a sandwich or salad or soup in a pair of two of those items. You also get with it a choice of an apple or roll and you can add a dessert for $1.00\u000a\u000aI was disappointed to learn they had removed the French onion soup from the menu. I asked about this removal only to learn there was something wrong with one of the ingredients. The other disappointment was that this year they are not making gingerbread men which are one of my favorite holiday treats. Instead they are offering a holiday themed sugar cookie.\u000a\u000aI normally eat here when I'm in a hurry and don't have time to sit down at a regular restaurant. They do use fresh breads and they do cater. You can also order your holiday baked goods or breads for your parties.
p1223
aVStopped by Sunday morning. The light roast coffee was cold. I ordered a Steak & Egg breakfast sandwich. The Steak was ice cold. The slice of tomato that I had them add was not ripe. Panera quality should be consistent no matter what location you visit. Very disappointing considering their pricing structure.
p1224
aVDO NOT EAT THE PASTRIES! We saw the manager do a nightly count of all the pastries and touched everyone with his fingers (no gloves). I commented and said excuse me you are touching all of the pastries with no gloves??! He looked at me and said, "I'm not touching them I'm only tapping them". Yuk, i said that's disgusting people have to eat that. He looked at me and went in the back. I told the cashier Thomasina that i would be calling the owner.. that's unexceptable. She reluctantly gave me the owners name. Luke I'll be calling U tmrw!
p1225
aVThe quality....and everything varies here.\u000aCan't guarantee clean floors. Sandwiches are different every time I get one. \u000aService is mostly positive.\u000aAlso, there's a big hump in the floor - see if you can find it!
p1226
aVService here has gone considerably downhill. Orders messed up, longtime staples on their menus dropped, and prices jacked up. Needless to say, will be my last time going there.
p1227
aVIt was my first time here.  Was recommended by my coworker.  However, I was a little unsure as I've read some bad reviews about this place.\u000a\u000aThe first visit was great.  The receptionists were helpful and gave me guidance on how to get my dog licensed.  Everyone seemed happy and talkative.  \u000a\u000aDr. Bezak was very nice.  He had a smile on him the entire time I was there.  He was very quick to give me information about anything and everything relating to the dog.  Overall, I had a good first visit and definitely going back.\u000a\u000aThe only thing that made it didn't earn a five-star is that my appointment is at 12:15pm.  The entire office have their lunch at 1pm.  So I can tell there was alot of hustle to get me out of their asap.  I don't mind that it was a quick visit, but I would have liked to had time to ask more questions.  If you want adequate time with the doc, consider making your appointment after their lunch.
p1228
aVThe problem I have this experience compared to my last is that the examination lasted 3 minutes.  The vet checked the ears, teeth, and nails then called it a day.  \u000a\u000aI came home looked at his teeth and saw my pup had a "slab fracture"  which was still attached to the gum.  The vet didn't mentioned it during the "exam" other than telling me to buy a finger brush to brush his teeth.\u000a\u000aI was primarily there for a vaccination shot but if they're going to charge me for a examination, they should do a proper examination.  I just felt I was rushed out of there. \u000a\u000aI took my dog to another vet where they told me about the slab fracture, gave me info on how it usually happens, potential problems that it can cause, and recommendations on ways to fix the problem.
p1229
aVAs not only pet-owners, but as dog breeders let me say - we love this place!  We've heard some bad things from several acquaintances and counldn't believe our ears...Dr. Bezak is great and the staff is really friendly and helpful.
p1230
aVI only allow my dogs to go to Dr. Bezak. I've had a couple Chow Chow's who a lot of vets are afraid of. Doc had a Chow himself so knew what to look out for in the breed. He has taken good care of them over the years.
p1231
aVI mean, it's Target. It has everything. You just need to know what to buy there, and not get sucked into the convenience of buying everything in one spot.\u000a\u000aBeware -- though their merchandise looks nice, and it's a good buy for a student, you don't want to make long-term purchases here. The zipper on a skirt I bought broke the first time I wore it. I've heard horror stories about disintegrating comforters during their first wash.\u000a\u000aThat said, their store-brand toiletries and other sundry items are fairly cheap, and they have a wider selection than Giant Eagle or CVS. They also have a cool program with Flickr.com -- you can upload your photos, order them online from Target's One-Hour Photo kiosk, and pay by credit card when you pick them up.\u000a\u000aI love their cheap accessories -- glasses, bags, jewelry. Along with Claire's and Filene's, Target is my favorite place to shop for those things.
p1232
aVWhat can I say, I'm a shill for Target!  Like another reviewer says, you have to watch the impulse buying here because it is so easy to do!\u000a\u000aBut as for the name brands here, I've never had a problem with them.  I bought some Woolrich blankets and sheets here that my husband and I have been very satisfied with.  The housewares section here is positively unbeatable.  My husband Rick is an amateur chef and he could blow his paycheck on the kitchen utensils.  He particularly likes the Michael Graves ones.  He is also an amateur photographer and he still works with film, so he likes the film development here.\u000a\u000aMe, I also like buying household cleaners and personal items such as soaps, toothpaste, deoderant, etc because the selection is so good.  I've also purchased a lot of my casual wear here.
p1233
aVOh Target!  You are big corporate America!  But how can I not love you so?  Your prices are the best whenever I need household goods like detergents, cleaners, etc.  For personal effects such as toiletries, soap, etc, you can't be beat!  Your cookware and bakeware department is every bit as good as Macy's!\u000a\u000aAnd I see you have the retro tees too.  You know:  Yes http://www.dovenetq.net.au/~mahayes/Graphics/YesLogoFullCircle1.jpg Boston http://www.vinylrecords.ch/B/BO/Boston/Boston/boston-63.jpg Led Zeppelin http://henrikfalck.com/blog/uploaded_images/LedZeppelinLedZeppelinalbumcover-716782.jpg  We know what "retro tee" means:  faux aged, catering to boomers and teens, and costing way more than they origianlly did.  Oh and made in China of course!
p1234
aVOMG. Target is my fav store ever. I love the staff they are also so helpful and friendly. They recognize me being there quite often!!! I also greatly appreciate being able to use a target coupon AND a manufacture coupon!!!!!  I save so much money shopping  there and now I save 5% everyday using my target debit card!!!!! Ah I love this store!!!!!!!
p1235
aVAfter working for the rival of Target for years, Target has become my favorite mega chain store to shop at.  Although it does not seem to have every single item as other stores I'm still able to get in and get out in a hurry.  \u000a\u000aDepending on the time of day, it may be a task just to find a parking space due to the traffic light at the end of the road.  If you don't mind walking a bit, the aisle where the pharmacy sign is on the building usually has spots closer to the front of the store.\u000a\u000aThe only downside I can find for this location is the smell of overly burnt buttered popcorn as soon as you walk in due to the cafe location.  I prefer not to vomit as soon as I walk into a store, maybe after about ten minutes in I'd consider it.
p1236
aVThis is a really great pharmacy - friendly, quick, knowledgeable, and inexpensive.
p1237
aVTarget is pretty standard. If you've been to one of them, you'll know largely what to expect from this one. That being said, this store is clean, and the deals one clearance can be good. Just make sure to check the circular and the website, as sometimes additional coupons can be found that the store personnel aren't aware of. \u000a\u000aThe electronics department staff are not very knowledgeable, and tried to pressure me into buying a different TV by repeating marketing lingo, but were unable to explain what their claims actually were when challenged on them, so make sure to do your research beforehand if purchasing electronics.
p1238
aVTarget is one of my favorite stores -- I just love wandering around late at night when the store is quiet -- it's just so therapeutic! This location is now my closest store, so I drop by pretty often.\u000a\u000aThis store is pretty average. Inventory and customer service aren't particularly stellar but isn't poor either. I've generally been able to find what I need here and check out pretty quickly. \u000a\u000aIn addition to the common pharmacy and photo studio found in most Targets, this location also has an optical department. Of the 10-15 locations in the Pittsburgh area, only this store and the Cranberry store sell glasses. I purchased a pair of glasses and sunglasses through Target Optical three years ago and have been very happy with their product and customer service.
p1239
aVIt's not the greatest Target of all time but it still meets all of your basic needs.\u000a\u000aIf you're looking for produce, lower prices, and bigger selection in every department then head to the Target in East Liberty.
p1240
aVI was in and out, and I didn't wait in long to long so I'm happy.
p1241
aVIt always feels like everyone who shops at this target is moving in slow motion. Just sayin'.\u000a\u000aOtherwise, it's pretty much so like any other Target. The lines were crazy long today and I was only buying one thing. I was relieved when they sent a few more cashiers in and opened up some more lines. It definitely expedited what was looking to be a very long wait.
p1242
aVTarget.\u000a\u000aI like Target more than I like Walmart. Walmart is bad.\u000a\u000aI like Target enough to return. I like it enough to pass by any Walmart that my throw itself in my path. Does that mean I love Target? No, it is just OK.
p1243
aVI can live at Target sometimes. I find myself coming back over and over to look at house and kitchen stuff I absolutely don't need. Maybe I need new pillows or thank you notes? No? I still need to come look at them because it's Target. Addicting.\u000a\u000aThis one is closer to my house and it's a relatively nice size. I wouldn't rave about customer service because it's very, very basic or sometimes doesn't exist. On my last visit I had a young lady ringing me up and talking to her friend on the side at the same time. She couldn't scan some soap so she asked me what the price was and I couldn't remember (but I knew it was on sale for two-something dollars). Instead of checking it out, I watched her enter $3.99 as she continued to speak with her friend. I found some other mistakes as well. When I'm out on the floor browsing, I rarely ever get anyone asking if I need any help (if any associates happen to be nearby). 99% of the time I don't actually need help, but it's the thought that counts I guess.\u000a\u000aI don't usually grocery shop at Target, but if I do need something then this one is fine for me. It's a good location, parking is easy, carts are always available (with wipes to sanitize!), there's a starbucks in there (umm hello addiction #1), and you can find some good deals. I like how they have easy to find/browse clearance sections at the end of aisles. If you have their target card then some of the sales give you gift cards for a purchase and you get 5% off all your purchases with that card. I still love you Target. Always.
p1244
aVIs it me or when I shop at Target and get to the register the total is always double what I anticipated it be?  Am I the only one?!\u000a\u000aTarget reminds me of Hills when I was a kid.  Since the rise of AMAZON I find it kind of pointless to visit any more.  They do have good prices of CD's and sometimes a hell of a deal on games, but nothing you couldn't find looking hard on EBay.\u000a\u000aSave your gas if your not close but if you need something quick, I don't see why you shouldn't use Target as your option.
p1245
aVThe Waterfront as a whole is a pretty busy shopping area and this particular Target is no different.  With a bunch of big box stores and restaurants at this side of the mall it can get pretty busy here.  \u000a\u000aThis Target however to me seems like one of the more disorganized ones compared to the many others I've been to.  Clothing displays are very mixed up that is many things are on racks mixed up with other things.  I found a wall hanging I liked but it was hard to go through them where the diagonal racks storing them were.  Some of the toys seem to be like that too.  It's not as easy to find things here as other places.  Things are or end up being where they just don't seem to belong for one reason or another.\u000a\u000aThe one saving grace of most of the Target stores including this one is the check out lines are very fast and efficient.  That and the aisles are large enough to negotiate around because they seem wide enough that you don't feel so tight like at Walmart.
p1246
aVTarget and I go way back like the driver's seat in my brother's car. Despite my murky history with Target, I prefer it way more over Walmart, which is closer to home. Just overall quality, atmosphere, and clientele is way better. \u000a\u000aWe needed a large number of photos printed and my father had decided to go to FedEx. I can only imagine this decision because they're known for print quality. They should also be known for being cumbersome and overcharging. After an hour of struggling with their machines to print, we left. I suggested Target because we were in the area, and I halfway remembered that they used the Kodak app to develop pictures from your phone. \u000a\u000aAs soon as we get in, it's always a win because pictures are 25¢, compared to 49¢ at their competitor. It was easy to sync up the photo library via wifi to the kiosk with the app. After choosing and modifying all of our pictures, we were given a slip stating our order of 63 pictures would be ready in 15 minutes. \u000a\u000aWe picked up everything else we needed and checked out, finishing in 7 minutes. By then our photos were done and we checked out at the photo stand, paying less than half of what we anticipated paying at the other place. Plus the quality was fantastic, the photos weren't too glossy, and everything worked out perfectly. \u000a\u000aWill we be back? Absolutely!
p1247
aVI find this target to be average.. although im here quite a bit. I guess im just used to where everything is at the east liberty location.. i always feel so lost here. It's decent though. the checkout lines move quickly
p1248
aVWent here last saturday and the service to customers is great. Sure it was busy but workers could be found in almost every department and even anwser questions. I love that. I should say props to Mike, Michelle and Kaitlyn they were so helpful to me. Helped me find Vanilla extract, A DC Comic Charcter i was looking for everywhere and a cologne they didnt have in stock. Bravo loved it, felt like royalty. Tho their starbucks is not so good! hmm oh well not part of target!
p1249
aVTarget is my go to for toiletries, cleaning supplies, and candy runs before the movie. This particular Target is a nice stop on my lunch break. The ladies room is always clean and the scent in there reminds me of Fruity Pebbles, odd I know. Every now and again, I see decent deals on athletic wear and cosmetics.  You get 5 cents off for each reusable bag you use.  \u000a\u000aShelves are generally well stocked. The store as a whole is pretty clean although some areas appear cluttered.  There's a Starbucks and Pizza Hut at this location.   I've had positive experience with customer service.  One time, I was here to purchase items from a registry, but their kiosk was down.  One of the associates took her time to show me how to pull up the registry on my phone.  Granted, the WiFi was poor that day, but the gesture was greatly appreciated. \u000a\u000aThere is plenty of parking here and the lines move quickly.
p1250
aVMy experience here was not great at all. I went in like 2 weeks ago attempting to get help with my home phone. I walked into this store expecting to be greeted by an elderly gentleman, alas i wasn't and when i walked back to the home phone department to get assistance they told me my geek squad warranty was no good here. I told the ignorant employee that i was asking just for a new one for free... how simple can that be. I paid 10 extra for my geek squad support and they couldnt even give me my free home phone that i deserved. I asked to speak with a manager and he told me to leave. After the police came and escorted the WRONG person out!!! I went to a more freindly store best buy electronics and they took care of me. I will never go back to target ever AGAIN. \u000a\u000a1 star
p1251
aVWatch out when it looks like something is on sale.  They mark a rack or table with a big buy one get one or 50% off sign, then only some of the stuff on the rack is on sale.
p1252
aVOK I know what you're thinking - You're a chick!  Why are you rating MEN'S Wearhouse?!  Well recently the BF and I went shopping for some business friendly clothes for him.  Our "wardrobe expert" (and I feel terrible because I forgot his name) was incredibly friendly and helpful that I couldn't help but think - WHY DON'T THEY HAVE STORES LIKE THIS FOR WOMEN!!?  Someone who helps you - no matter your size or height, finds you the pants that fit your body, the dress shirts, the jackets, etc.  This man was absolutely STELLAR!  Incredibly personable and he knew his job well.  The BF left with exactly what he needed and I may or may not have talked him into a few other items... What can I say, I like a sharp dressed man (cue ZZ Top).  So if you're looking to make your man a little more stud-ly with a jacket, tie, dress shirt, or perhaps a full suit, stop by Men's Warehouse.  You'll be drooling over him in no time ;)
p1253
aVLet's start this review by saying that when we are at that point, my girlfriend and I will be going to Jos. A. Bank for mine and my groomsman's suits.  Allow me to give you a numbered breakdown of the issues we encountered when renting from Men's Wearhouse to be the groomsmen in our friends wedding.\u000a\u000a1- They never contacted us after the fitting after saying there would be a followup call.  The other groomsmen and I had to follow up repeatedly to get an answer as to when our tuxedos would arrive and the staff were very short with our honest questions over the phone.\u000a2- They sent two of our tuxedos to Homestead when we asked for them to be sent to Ross Park Mall during the fitting.\u000a3- When one of us called two days prior to the wedding to ask if our tux's had arrived the guy answering the phone said "Oh... I don't know" (insert an awkward, pregnant pause here while waiting for him to say "Let me check that for you") he instead said "Well, I'm going to hang up now."  And he made good on that promise, and hung up.\u000a4- Despite saying we'd get a call a few weeks ahead of the wedding to be resized in case one of us gained a few lbs over the winter, this call never came so we basically had to hope that everything fit as it needed to.\u000a5- We were at one point informed that MW had our emails on file and that when our tuxes arrived at the store we would receive an email letting us know.  Not a single groomsman received any such email to that effect.\u000a6- One of the groomsmen randomly received a black tie while everybody else had white.  Another received no studs.  We discovered this approximately two hours to show-time while relatively far from civilization.\u000a7- On picking up my tux I informed the associate "I'll be unable to get to a Men's Wearhouse for a few days after the wedding, is this alright?" to which she responded "Yeah that should be fine" so when my girlfriend graciously dropped off my tux for me a few days later and learned of the $100 late fee, I was totally caught off guard.\u000a8- My girlfriend was also caught totally off guard by the associate at Ross Park Mall who was incredibly rude to her when  he informed her of said late fee.\u000a9- As the Best Man I was given a coupon card for $50 off my next rental at Men's Wearhouse.  Since I am in another wedding next month with rentals from MW I figured this would be an opportune time to use it.  Imagine my shock while paying for the next weddings rental, when I presented the coupon and was told "Oh, that isn't for this.  That is intended for YOUR wedding.  Oh and it expires on December 31st of this year." \u000a10- The groom himself decided to use a coupon to purchase a suit for the wedding and to own, rather than rent a tux for the occasion.  He was ensured by the Homestead staff that the coupon would be fine for this purpose and got fitted for it.  When he went to pick up his suit and pay with the aid of said approved coupon he was instead forced into an argument with an associate who insisted he could not use the coupon towards the suit that an associate a few weeks earlier had insisted he could use.  Granted, now I am speaking for another person so take that with as much salt as you may, but he reiterated this fact to me several times prior to his wedding last week.\u000a\u000aOver my friends wedding weekend, any time anything even went slightly wrong at and around his wedding, the joke between the Groom and his Groomsmen was "Effing Men's Wearhouse."  For example, at a restaurant, "Wait I asked for no onions on this sandwich. - Effing Men's Wearhouse!"  "Noise complaint at the hotel room? Men's Wearhouse."\u000a\u000aAnother groomsman looked at me when we discovered the wrong color tie one of us received and said to me "I hope you're taking notes for your own impending wedding" to which I replied "Perhaps I could find better service from GoodWill of Western PA"\u000a\u000aCongrats Men's Wearhouse.  You became the butt of every joke for every mishap for an entire weekend around a wedding to which you provided the suits.\u000a\u000aTL;DR - 10 mistakes, several rude associates and 1 future groom going to Jos. A. Bank.
p1254
aVThis place is bohunk central. Tuxedo jacket fit great. White slim fit shirt looked ridiculous. It was so big that I literally could jump off a skyscraper and land safely. \u000a\u000aMy friend got sized and this new guy (super nice) measured his 33 inch waist at 38. He looked really terrible at the wedding and was super depressed about it. His jacket didn't fit and his white shirt was worse than mine. I\u000a\u000aThe staff was really nice though. It's not their problem that men's warehouse picks vendors that support a 350 pound male frame. \u000a\u000aI hope I never rent a tuxedo from Men's Warehouse again.
p1255
aVLet me start out by saying that my husband loves the MW at Westmoreland Mall, and even rented his tux there for our wedding without issue. Last year, he also rented a tux there for an out-of-town wedding he was in. After the wedding was over (the next day, before we returned home), we returned the tux to a MW at the local mall, also sans any issues.\u000a\u000aRecently, said husband got a promotion and bought some dress pants and shirts from MW at the mall, and was sent a $50 gift card. Last weekend, we decided to head down to The Waterfront....lo and behold, there's a MW in Homestead. Who knew? So, we head to MW to see if he can get something for free. Before we go in, I ask him, how much are pants normally at MW? He said, oh about $50 or $60. Okay, well the cheapest pair of pants we find are around $130, but most around $200?! I'm shocked, never thought men's dress clothes were so pricey. Again, who knew? Surprisingly, we were able to sift through the sale racks and were able to find one pair of pants on sale for $19.99 and dress shirts for $14.99! Very exciting! \u000a\u000aThe problem was the staff and the store itself. First of all, the store was messy. Sales racks had clothes out of place and shirts rolled up, not a good impression for a 'high end' men's clothing store, not to mention it was hard to look for sizes etc. with everything out of place.\u000a\u000aThe biggest issue was with the staff. There were five employees in the store. Okay, I get it, they work on commission, but seriously. The one and only employee who approached us, and I can't remember her name but she was a middle-aged Russian woman- was a shark! She asked if we need help, we both say no, we're fine. Just looking. I am much more assertive than my husband, however, which she realized right away. Needless to say, she wouldn't leave us alone. I tried several times - nicely - to tell her we were just looking around. My husband said, I'm looking for some dress shirts and pants. maybe a tie. She just doesn't get it...keeps asking "Do you want to look at more ties?" "We have nice blazers and jackets" I'm finally like, lady we're only here because we have a gift card, we don't plan on spending a ton of money. Getting her to leave us alone was near impossible. If it would have been me alone, I would have walked out. However, I knew my husband wanted to use the gift card.\u000a\u000aThe worst part is there were other customers in the store that no one was waiting on. Some of which were looking around for assistance. I didn't get it.\u000a\u000aContinuing on, check out was a nightmare! Each and every item rang up more than the price tag. She had to end up cancelling the sale and re-doing the whole thing. We had to carefully scrutinize every thing she rang up, to make sure we weren't overcharged. We ended up going over the $50 - obviously. So, she says, "You can swipe your card there." I said, "We have cash" and omg you would have thought it was the end of the world. They had no money in the drawer and she actually had to send another employee in the back to get us change. \u000a\u000aLet's just say, I'm sure my hub won't returning here anytime soon. You can buy nice men's clothing almost anywhere else for less money and less hassle. \u000a\u000aPros: None
p1256
aVAfter numerous visits to The Men's Wearhouse throughout the years, I would give this place a thumb's up. The service is always excellent. The products are comfortable. And if items do not fit, they can be altered for a fee. In the long run, the alterations make for a perfect fit.
p1257
aVWorst customer service. From the minute you enter, you can sense the air of racism inside the store. There was no one to help and even if you request for service, their  demeaning attitude and lack of personality gave the sense of suffocation and one would feel like getting out of the store immediately. Unfortunately, they portray themselves as the wannabe Brook Brothers, but they fail to provide customer service as Brook Brothers . I would rather continue to go to Brook Brothers and pay $50 more for shirts and good customer experience without racism. It is a pity that racism still exists. Mens wearhouse is never going to get my online and retail businesses.
p1258
aVYikes! Awful experience.\u000a\u000aMy husband is a popular guy, in lots of weddings in the last couple years and he's an unusual size -- 44 Long. \u000a\u000aDuring the pickup just 3 short days ago at the Waterfront location - for which he was measured 16 weeks ago - I asked "why is this thing like a trash bag on my handsome stud", their response of "oh sorry, nothing we can do about it" was a complete lie. "We can't alter rentals, sorry". \u000a\u000aYou see, on the return label I noticed the jacket was a 48L. \u000a\u000aRemember I said he's actually a 44Long?\u000a\u000aMen's Wearhouse on of the Waterfront gave my husband a tux not one, but TWO FULL SIZES TOO LARGE. \u000a\u000aFuture grooms -- rent your tux from a local provider. Or, better yet, send your groomsmen to a professional tailor to get measured for free. Then, order your tuxes online from Vietnam. \u000a\u000aYou'll get a tux to keep for the same price as a rental from a craptastic wage slave in the US.
p1259
aVI got a cheese pizza delivery from here once, and I feel like...it's one of those places where it's okay and if that's what someone put in front of me I would eat it, but I definitely wouldn't go, "OMG, let's eat there!"\u000a\u000aIt was just boring to me. (And I love cheese pizza!)\u000a\u000aBut some of my coworkers like to eat here on occasion, so maybe some of their other stuff is better. I wouldn't know.
p1260
aVIt's not that delish.
p1261
aVI got pizza here on a Saturday night in a pinch.  Looking for a place that sells by the slice, I drove around for a while.  Not only did they have by-the-slice pizza, but they also had some of my favorite toppings.  I also hate crust that's too thick, and -- although I prefer it even thinner than it was -- I was pretty satisfied with the crust.  \u000a\u000aThe only thing that could be improved is the salad.  We got a grilled chicken salad.  The chicken and fries were okay, but the rest was pretty run of the mill.\u000a\u000aAs for the pizza, I'll definitely be back for more.
p1262
aVI just had a white pizza with added spinach. It was delicious! I love the thicker crust that was crunchy and chewy at the same time.\u000aI also got a greek salad, and you can tell the dressing was homemade cause it was perfect.
p1263
aVWhen I go to other pizza places I ask myself "will this be as good as Pizza Companies pizza"?.  \u000a\u000aI don't understand how this place hasn't gotten Papa Johns big cause rarely do I get a pizza or a sandwich that's inconsistent with the last one I got.  The Steak Untouchables though not Primantis, is the close runner up for my favorite "sandwich with everything on it".  The hoagies are never soggy and this might seem like a small thing but they use shredded lettuce.  I hate when you go somewhere and it's just regular ripped off the head lettuce, not this place.  I do think it's a little expensive but I've watched the prices go up with the economy and their popularity so I'm sure it's justified.  \u000a\u000aSide tip, go in and get a slice of Pizza, it's a little different than their whole pizzas you order.  It's really good.\u000a\u000aOh yeah, be sure to ask for Longfellow Bones, he's a cook there and a hell of a rapper.  Tell him HITTofMCM sent you.
p1264
aVHad a  great  hoagie  from  here  last  night. Toppings  were  exactly  as ordered and  the  mozzarella  sticks  were  very  good  also. Delivered  in less time  than  I  thought. Good  experience .
p1265
aVThe pizza is definitely good. The wings aren't crisp and they don't provide a dipping sauce for the wings.
p1266
aVI love Pizza company pizza and hoagies!
p1267
aVI love love love this place. I can honestly say i have never had a bad experience with them. They are very friendly on the phone. Always gets here on a timely matter. We have had most likely everything on the menu. Definitely recommend you to try them out if you're looking for a good and new pizza place to try!!!!!
p1268
aVPROS: Great selection and excellent service. They had knowledgable personnel on the floor (manager?) who was helpful.\u000a\u000aCONS: Traffic to the store (one lane) got pretty congested. Wouldn't give me a coupon that I had forgotten at home but that's not a big deal.
p1269
aVI head straight back to the clearance! That's where you'll find the best deals. You will be able to see your savings when you check out because it's calculated on your receipt. Im a huge proponent of going after summer and winter seasons to stock up for next year - boots, galoshes and sandals never go out of style.
p1270
aVI have no idea why I've lived close to this DSW for nearly a year and had never shopped here before! This week, I was looking for a very specific pair of heels, and DSW was my go to place. I found a fabulous name-brand pair at a great price. While browsing around, there was an associate who was slowly straightening shoes, but she made no effort to talk to or even smile at me (which is awkward because I smiled at her). Thankfully, the cashier was an extremely sweet and outgoing older lady, who encouraged me to sign up for their loyalty program. Though I didn't really need to sign up, she was so kind that I couldn't say no. I plan on going back very soon!
p1271
aVI've been coming to this DSW approximately every other month over the last year. The Waterfront is my go-to place when I need to do mindless wandering and shopping, and this store has been added to my regular itinerary. \u000a\u000aI came here on Friday night needing to zone out and to just try ridiculous amounts of shoes for fun. I headed back to the clearance (unusual for me!) and wow, what a selection! Seychelles summer wedges for $14... Minnetonka suede booties for $50... Both the styles and the prices were spot on! I ended up purchasing a pair of Audrey Brooke summer wedges for $12 along with some Nina silver "wedding" pumps for $30. What bargains!\u000a\u000aHowever, I'm not writing this review update to just talk about fab shoe finds and great deals...  \u000a\u000aThe first several times that I shopped here, customer service was dismal (as mentioned in my previous review). However, the last couple times I've been here, I've seen associates as soon as I walk through the door and been quickly offered assistance. This is a significant difference from what I experienced in the past, and I just had to recognize this store for making positive changes! \u000a\u000aKeep up the good work - and the great assortment - and I'll be back often!
p1272
aVThis store has such bad service. The service staff are rude rude rude.  Save your money, shop elsewhere.
p1273
aVThis Bed Bath & Beyond seems like your average store location. I don't have anything too bad or too exciting to say about this location... descent products and descent service. I would just recommend taking all of your Bed Bath & Beyond coupons with you when shopping because staff will help you combine them as best as possible.
p1274
aVI love bed bath & beyond! \u000a\u000aThe employees at this particular one are always available and helpful!  \u000a\u000aThe selection, plus the 20% off coupons keep me coming back, and its also where I get all of the things for my soda stream. \u000a\u000aOverall I will be back many, many times
p1275
aVBasically after being sent here after not having the item at another location, I walk in and go to the exact spot that the item is suppose to be.  And yet again, the exact one is not on the shelf.\u000a\u000aFrustrated, I walk to the Customer Service desk and ask whether or not they have it.  Which the response I got was to basically look on the shelf.  After I told them I did that already, one of the employees had an ingenious idea.  Instead of checking the kitchen part of the store, why not check the bath part.  What do you know, that's where it was.\u000a\u000aSo that just makes me think that they had this item at the other store, but just weren't in tune with knowing that the item was located in another part of the store.\u000a\u000aEverything after that was a smooth ride.  Wedding registry updated, purchased, and gift wrapped.  Yes, these places have an area that you can gift wrap for free.  It says it's a do it  yourself area, but for some reason an employee did mine for free.  Only downside is that some of the gift wrapping that some of the wrapping items have the store name on it, which might look a bit tacky.
p1276
aVThis is a very small, yet nice store. The associates are nice and helpful. Not much else to say about this particular store. Just a pleasure to purchase from...
p1277
aVI love BBB; however, this location is terrible. It is RARE that I find an employee that actually helps you voluntarily. I feel that everyone hates their jobs, especially the manager, Davina. I work at a more upscale retail store and I feel it is my responsibility to genuinely welcome, smile, greet, and service our clients. Maybe I'm reaching too high with BBB. I feel they expect YOU to greet THEM and make THEM feel comfortable. I never could understand this mentality. Maybe they should pay ME for this responsibility.
p1278
aVCoffee!! \u000a\u000aI have a Keurig Vue and this is the only store I've been able to find that carries Vue cups. The only other place I can find them is online and I'm not a morning person. So waiting a week for shipping is just not an option sometimes. Aside from that I feel like all they jam pack the store full of everything they can.  Not that that's a bad thing but it does make it hard to find what your looking for sometimes.
p1279
aVIf you take nothing else from this review, remember this...Bed Bath & Beyond accepts expired coupons. Save those jawns.  I keep a freezer bag full of BBB coupons in the car because I never know when I want to stop by just to look around or pick something up specifically.  \u000a\u000aThe store is organized well and there is a lot in there...bedroom, bathroom, kitchen, art and decor, organizational/storage supplies, outdoor rugs, and so much more.  During back to school season, this is the place to be for your campus living items.  \u000a\u000aSometimes staff is hard to come by, but they're helpful when you find them. \u000a\u000aThe prices are competitive and there's no reason to pay full price for your k cups, keurig, appliances, and bed sets when you have a coupon.
p1280
aVThis is my go to for towels and bathroom accessories.  They also have very affordable bedspreads and down pillows.  It is a nice place to shop with helpful employees. I hate searching for and saving coupons and receipts and would prefer that retail establishments just keep their prices low.  The cost in time and efficiency in managing coupons, both for the stores and the consumers could easily be eliminated and savings passed on in lower prices.
p1281
aVIs it a Pittsburgh thing? Maybe so but that is no excuse for this crumby diner chain. The few times I have dined (if that's what you want to call it) at an E'nP I felt like committing Sepaku (Hari - Kiri). I never got sick from the food but more disgusted with myself for stooping to this level of gastronomy. Nothing really worthwhile on the menu (maybe a burger- how much can you mess that up?). My gut just tells me not to trust E 'N Ps.  No offense to truck drivers of America b/c they keep supplies on our selves but It  reminds me of a truck stop restaurant without the truck drivers. I always seem to migrate to the salad bar and get weirded out for having to deal with the utensils that pick up the salad. So I wind up washing my hands after getting my salad stuff. The waterfront  E 'N P is perhaps the cleanest one I have been to but that's not saying much b/c the patrons are kinda off. So an extra star for this location. But it's not like I would ever say to my friends in NY, SF, London or wherever..."Hey when you come to Pittsburgh be sure to go to an E 'N P to get the flavor of the city". Obviously this place appeals to a certain class of people of which I guess I can't be a part of as much as I want to be at times.
p1282
aVJust okay. Often crowded on weekends for food that while I'm sure well prepared is not the most flavorful.  \u000a\u000aThis store is literally NEXT DOOR to the headquarters of Eat N Park so it's a safe bet that this is the best one there is.\u000a\u000aStrawberry pies being the exception to the rule.  \u000a\u000aThere are better places to eat for the same money.
p1283
aVEat 'n Park has become my standby in the area.  I truly do enjoy what I get at this little diner/fast food chain.  Ordered the following items:\u000a\u000aStuffed pepper soup and salad bar\u000aChicken noodle soup\u000aBlack angus BBQ burger with macaroni and cheese\u000aHot turkey sandwich\u000aPepsi\u000a\u000aI love the fact that I can serve my own soup and create my own salad at the bar.  I really love the fact that the salad bar has such good ingredients that are atypical for most places.  I would stay away from the pepper soup, it was not very good.  The hamburger is nothing special, but it tastes good, is not overcooked and has a good barbeque sauce with onions that are actually cooked.  The macaroni and cheese is better from Stouffers out of the freezer.  I abstained from the turkey and just relished in my burger and salad (spinach greens, cucumbers, cherry tomatoes, sunflower seeds, and balsamic vinaigrette).  \u000a\u000aI will continue to return.
p1284
aVEat 'n Park is Pittsburgh's version of IHOP.\u000a\u000aGreat food at cheap prices. Really good salads, sandwiches and burgers. Like Dave P. said, This is one of the better locations probably because it's right next to the headquarters.\u000a\u000aService has always been go at this location.
p1285
aVUgh. I've always been an Eat n Park fan, but this place was awful. It was a Friday night and granted it was pretty busy, but gawwwwwd. It seemed like every single employee was around 16 years old. The service was very slow. We ordered an appetizer platter and cheese fries to split. Easy enough, right? Well they didn't fry anything long enough so it was soggy and all the breading was falling off everything. My drink was never refilled. Even worse, we noticed ants crawling all over the window sill next to us!\u000a\u000aHalf an hour later the server decides to ask "You gettin' dessert?" We ordered slices of pie to go. My "slice" of strawberry pie was two strawberries and a few crumbs of crust. We went up front to pay to find one lady at the register (who seemed to be the sole adult employee) counting her drawer and nobody else in sight. We stood there and evil eyed her for a few minutes and she finally took a break from her conversation to say someone would be with us. A few more minutes and finally the girl who was our server rings us up. I asked for a different, ACTUAL slice of pie, which she managed to get about five minutes later. Basically the whole experience was pure torture, which is disappointing.
p1286
aVI love eat 'n park. Whenever I come to Pittsburgh, I go to this restaurant. This area is great in the waterfront. It's so peaceful here. Pittsburgh is a beautiful city. Eat n Park has the best pie. I wish we have this at home. Their banana cream pie and their strawberry pie are my family's favorite. Their food is better than IHOP. They are so cheap. You can get a slice of pie for $3.  They have a variety of everything and they are clean. Their cheese fries, milk shakes, and their breakfast menu are great. Not everything is great on the menu but they have everything you can think of in a diner and the best part is they are open 24 hrs a day. If you're hungry in the middle of the night, they have a midnight menu. I like this location better than the one at squirrel hill. The waitresses are nicer and the food is better. We stop here every time we are in town. They are not a fancy place but they have good cheap food. Try the food, you can't go wrong with the money you're paying.
p1287
aVBeing next door to corporate you would have higher expectations. \u000a\u000aThe breakfast bar is lame. Back home (fayette county) there seems to be a lot more variety such as corn fritters, apple cinnamon "thingies", and little potato cakes to name a few. The salad bar is just as bad, the side dishes they offer are usually ruined with meat which makes no sense to me because the tiny ham cubes and bacon bits are already on the bar so if anyone wanted to add them into their linguini salad or whatever, they could.\u000a\u000aThe late night patrons are a bit unsavory, speaking of which, my ex roommate used to work here and I could tell you some stories but I don't want to freak you out.
p1288
aVI went here around 12:30 AM on January 1, 2011, after New Years' Eve. They had a breakfast buffet laid out.\u000a\u000aI'd barely gone to any Eat 'n Parks this past year because my local one (in Edgewood) is horrible, so I was pleasantly surprised that there was nothing wrong here. We were seated quickly, the waiter handled the beverage orders quickly, and the buffet was fine. No problems at all, except when the place got completely packed around 1 AM and we had a bit of trouble tracking down the waiter to get our check... That wasn't a big deal, though.\u000a\u000aI can't justify giving more than 3 stars due to the fact that Eat 'n Park isn't exactly fine dining, but we got filling food for minimal hassle, so it was a good experience overall.
p1289
aVThis is the best location of the best restaurant in the world. I visit Eat'n Park every chance I get when I come from out of town. I regularly have cravings for this place even after moving out of state years ago.
p1290
aVMuch like every other Eat 'n Park (3 or 4 stars worth of chain-diner food), except the last five times I've been here, the service has been damn, damn, daaaaaaaamn slow.  It's always fun to see the staff smoking out back while I've waited an hour for some scrambled eggs.
p1291
aVIf you must eat at Eat N Park, this is the one you want to go to. Why you ask? The corporate offices are right next door and the suits are there every day, breakfast lunch and dinner. \u000a\u000aWhen I spend a few hours with dear old mom, she enjoyed spending a day at the Waterfront, she loved the since closed 39 center store, where she could buy her monthly greeting cards for 39 cents each. Then we drive over to this eat n park where she has her breakfast smile and I enjoy an egg beater sandwich and fresh fruit.\u000a\u000aThis place is spotless, the salad bar always looks fresh and the food is good, for a chain.
p1292
aVWe don't have Eat N Park in Illinois, so when I first saw one, I remarked to my sweetheart, "eat and park...doesn't it make more sense to park first, then eat?" Yeah, I know, that's like a bad dad joke.   But anyway, to a foreigner like me, Eat N Park is awesome!    We only come here for brunch, and since I aint got no job and limited funds, it's pretty awesome to enjoy a brunch for two for under $20.  The unlimited house coffee is delicious, and I'm not even a big coffee drinker (more of a tea aficionado myself).   Another thing I dig about this place is even though they're very much a meat and potatoes diner, they're really good about accommodating vegetarian diets.  I like the Smiles.
p1293
aVThe workers here are extremely friendly, and the inside is absolutely beautiful.  There is also a playful statue of the famous smiley mascot for people to see and take pictures with it!  Kids love smiley and so do I!  They have so many great items on the menu to choose from that I have trouble deciding!
p1294
aVThis company represents a honest and caring company that cares about their community.  They operate a variety of businesses and restaurants including the Eat n Park locations, the new Porch in Shenley, Six and Penn Kitchen, and the new upcoming Hello Bistro.  I cannot wait to try all of their dinning places.
p1295
aVThey burned my fish and they burned it bad.  Ordering fish at Eat'n Park is always a gamble.  I just never know how it's going to turn out.  I'm a risk taker so I ordered two pieces of baked lemon sole. \u000a\u000aWell it went terribly wrong.  My waiter came out and said, "They burned your fish, so I had them put two new pieces in the oven."  I was impressed by his honesty and didn't mind waiting for two new pieces.  \u000a\u000a I gladly helped myself to my boyfriend's french toast while I waited. \u000a\u000aThen out of no where another server comes to the table with the burnt fish and sets it down infront of me. With the burnt side down of course.  That just shows the kitchen is not in total coordination.  \u000a\u000aLike I said getting fish from Eatn' Park is a toss up. In the end I got two nicely baked pieces of sole to replace the burnt ones, so I left satisfied.
p1296
aVI like this Eat'n Park. Even though it is a chain, not all of them are created equal. The wait staff and kitchen staff really make a big difference in whether or not an Eat'n Park is worth patronizing.  Eating here, I change my mentality a bit. I always order the seven dollar BBQ burger with the salad bar add on for two dollars. In my mind, I always see myself ordering the seven dollar salad bar with a two dollar hamburger. When the salad bar is kept stocked, it has some really good and fresh items. I love that they have spinach and not just iceburg lettuce. I wish other Eat'n Parks were more like this one.
p1297
aVYes, I know that it's cheap diner food, but c'mon... You have your corporate headquarters within walking distance and this is all you can serve up? \u000a\u000aMy husband and I were craving a late night snack after seeing a movie a couple weekends ago and decided to try this Eat 'N Park location for the first time. I had always been adequately satisfied at other locations so I thought this restaurant would be worth a try.\u000a\u000aI ordered several items - Sweet Potato Fries with Apple Butter Dip, Hot Chocolate, and Pumpkin Creme Pie. I think my husband ordered some sort of burger or sandwich. Anyway, every item was problematic in some way. The fries were good, but the apple butter was oddly thick and sweet. The hot chocolate had "creative" chocolate syrup drizzling, that was running all down the cup and saucer. I had to carefully drink the beverage - which was OK - because I was afraid that I would get the syrup all over my hand, face, and clothes. The pumpkin creme pie looked like it was sliced by a 5 year old. It looked like it had been carelessly cut and plopped onto the plate, where it appeared very flat and unappetizing.\u000a\u000aHowever, our waitress was the sweetest, middle-aged woman! Our food took a little time to get to our table (not too bad though) and she comped two of the items (I believe the Hot Chocolate and the pie) from our bill. She was very attentive and kind while we dined there, and I made sure that my husband gave her a good tip. If I remembered her name, I would definitely mention it in this review.\u000a\u000aHowever, despite our kind service, I'm not planning on returning to this location any time soon.
p1298
aVWent here on a Saturday night.  Despite being busy, we were seated quickly but unfortunately that was the only good part of the visit.  I ordered the buffalo chicken mac and cheese and after about 30 minutes, it arrived with dry burnt fries and "toast" that was not toasted at all.  The most egregious error was within the macaroni itself-- there was not a single drop of hot sauce in the dish whatsoever!  I waited about 15 more minutes until the server came back to tell her my dish was lacking a primary ingredient.  She asked if I wanted some hot sauce on the side to put on myself, but it had taken so long to deliver and for her to return to our table that the macaroni was stone cold and no amount of hot sauce would have saved it.  She took it back to the kitchen and brought me a new one, but didn't offer any sort of apology or compensation.  By the time I finally got to have a bite of my dinner, it was 55 minutes into our visit and my girlfriend had already finished her meal.  I could overhear people around us complaining about their food being incorrect or delivered to the table cold so I doubt I'll be coming back here any time soon.
p1299
aVFow what it is this eat n park really is a lot better then i remember. I also really like and approve of them offering healthier lower calorie option that have some variety and taste good.
p1300
aVWe had a really nice Sunday brunch here today. It exceeded my expectations which were admittedly very low. We needed some healthy food options for our 1.5 year old as well as enough comfort food to satisfy our starving and lazy weekend bellies. \u000a\u000aThere was a short 10 minute wait for a table at around noon but the hostess was nice enough and they gave us a big, clean booth with a partial view of the river. It took another 10-15 minutes to get service although our waiter did pop by to say he would be right with us. Another waitress took our order in the end and they comped us for one buffet. So the three of us ate for the price of one since kids five and under get a free buffet with a paying adult. ($7.99)\u000a\u000aOk enough about the service which was slowish but it's a full house at that time so understandable . The food:\u000a\u000aThe buffet was constantly refreshed and each container overflowing with hot food. My favorites: really well cooked fried chicken perfectly salted and complemented with Frank's red hot sauce. Biscuits and gravy, the biscuits were a little dry, mini peirogies, cooked baby carrots, really nice mini pancakes, stuffing, bacon, and ok-only home fries. It's too bad cos I generally judge a place by the quality of their breakfast potatoes but in this case the fried chicken more than made up for it. My husband had some decent salad and good clam chowda.\u000a\u000aMy kid ate everything on the other end of the buffet: cherry tomatoes, cottage cheese, cooked baby carrots, cantaloupe and honeydew melon, pineapple, bits of peirogie and chicken. The waiter gave him a shamrock sugar cookie at the end of the meal. We helped him eat most of it :)\u000a\u000aThere were a few misses: French toast were disappointingly dry and hard and the buttery/oniony noodles were undercooked. Other things looked good but we couldn't try it all: mini-waffles, mash potatoes and gravy, sausage patties, cheesey sauce, scrambled eggs. We'll just have to go again in a few weekends. Alright folks, don't need to run out and crowd it up but that fried chicken... Mmm mmm.
p1301
aVSome how even though the food at this Eat'n Park is down right abominable, the smiles and laughter is always there.  How can I stay mad when the prices or so cheep? Myself my boyfriend and his nephew had lunch with milkshakes and me having a coffee it was $31.00\u000a\u000aOn this particular occasion the fire alarm went off and rang and rang and rang loud and long for over 15 minutes before the fire department got there realized they didn't have key to turn it off and than another 10 minutes later finally shut it off...only at Eatn' Park.\u000a\u000aMy baked potato was hard as a rock, I had ordered two pieces of baked cod and only received one. \u000a\u000aThe waitress was very sweet and attentive and really attempted to build a rapport with our lil nephew which I thought was sweet.
p1302
aVGreat location!  I love that you can substitute burger with a veggi patti and that they have gluten free bread.  Love love love the smiley cookies :)
p1303
aVAlways good food at a fair price. It's not gourmet, but they have an amazing salad/ soup bar that would put most other places to shame. Great fresh food, friendly service, and desserts to go. Can't beat it.
p1304
aVThe food is usually pretty good, however the service is almost ALWAYS very VERY slow. Most of the staff are pretty friendly and sweet but there are a few sour ones in the bunch that make the experience not as nice as it could be. Although they still technically do their job, you can FEEL very negative vibes from them and see how inefficient they are with the way they do things. It's a hit and miss. Unless you know one of the servers and their schedules. The low rating is mainly for the slow service and the handful of staff members who aren't very pleasant.
p1305
aVI thought this is a nice place to eat if you have a family. Lot of options, food was pretty good and cheap. Was satisfied with my meal, had fish with veggies(Years ago) and did tell others that this was a nice option.\u000a\u000aIts not super gourmet, but it is a place you can grab a nice meal at a good price.
p1306
aVThey make a nice breakfast for less than the tip form dinner the night before.  That's not bad!
p1307
aVEat n Park is usually decent.  This location though has HORRIBLY SLOW service.  Seriously, we never wait less than 10 minutes for a server to acknowledge us, and we live near the Waterfront, so we've given this location the benefit of the doubt numerous times.  Each time hoping that the last was just a fluke, new staff, or something.  It's not.  Doesn't matter what time we go.  It seems we are not acknowledged for several minutes, and then the service is mediocre at best.  Occasionally, we've had a stellar service, but it's few and far between.  Today, after waiting 15 minutes, then getting up to find a server in another section, we were informed that we were sitting in a "closed" section.  That server offered to serve us, but honestly, we left.  I told the hostess who seated us about the mixup, and got a blank stare.  I've never had this issue at any other EnP.  We left, drove to the Squirrel Hill location, and our orders were taken in the amount of time we wasted at the Waterfront.  Mgmt- you have a beautiful, prime location.  Get your hosts and servers on the same page!
p1308
aVFood is decent. Service is always hit or miss. Great for a quick family breakfast. Buffett for kids is free with an adult. Boom.
p1309
aVI was in a jam and was meeting relatives for an impromptu breakfast. \u000aThis was not fast and easy HOWEVER- they did a great job making a slow experience by giving us free cookies and very nice service. My egg whites spinach omelette was excellent.
p1310
aVVery good cheap food. Pittsburgh classic.Great desserts! The oreo pie is amazing! The servers are always very friendly. The salad bar could be a little more clean.
p1311
aVPeople may complain that the food is not high quality or the place is a bit messy, but c'mon it is a diner!! I have been going to Eat N Park ever since I was a little kid living in Pittsburgh.  12 years ago I moved to NJ and now I go to school at Pitt and it is still one of my favorite restaurants.  Whenever my family comes to visit I do not want to go to some fancy high end restaurant, I always choose Eat n Park.  The nicest service, and greatest 'comfort food'.  They have one of the best salad bars, and I also love their fried zuchinni strips, and potato soap!!  Be sure to grab the cinnamon buns to go, as well as a smiley face cookie.
p1312
aVGod i hate eat n park. Only reason i have gone is for the salad bar because u cant find a decent salad bar in this city. Just about every entree iv had here is nothing more than rubbish, except maybe the cheesteak. Only go if u have little kids
p1313
aVPoor service from the door.  I walked in and was ignored.  When I walked in they were more worried about the lack of pies in the case than they were in seating customers.  In fact the person that entered after me was attended to before I was even acknowledged.  I mean, I'm no skinny person by a long shot, but if I'm standing in front of the hostess podium, I expect to be noticed at least.  \u000a\u000aWhen I was finally seated things went a little smoother.  That might be because I opted for the salad bar and didn't have to have anyone bring me the items from there.  \u000a\u000aI really expected better from this location, especially since it is basically next door to the home office.  There was no line or mad rush to get in here, I just baffled.
p1314
aVWhat I love about ENP (aside from the Smiley Face cookies) is they have different things on the menu you don't find at Bob Evans and Cracker Barrel like vitamin water, Eggs Benedict, omelettes, buffet, healthier options.  Service was great.
p1315
aVEat n Park is the place for smiles, but mine is kind of that emoji that has a squiggly line. \u000aThins I like about EnP:\u000a1. You always know what you're getting. Standard across the board. \u000a2.Pies great. Baked goods great. \u000a3. Soup good. \u000a4. Who doesn't love a Smiley cookie? \u000a5. They are a charitable group and I think that's awesome. \u000a\u000aThings that make me squiggly smile. I ordered the basic breakfast smile the other day. I asked to hold the toast and potatoes and swap a fruit cup. Get the less-than-half-cup of fruit and it's sub par. Yes, winter, but isn't their ideal to use what is in season? I can still find some sort of fruit in grocery store that's decent and you're a major chain! Find a supplier. What really was disappointing was that my server up-charged me 1.99 for less-than-half-cup. Now I have worked in the past for many years. Yes, some swaps do require an additional charge, but really? I just gave you back potatoes and toast for clear fruit. She did take it off, but I'm sure she was doing what is practice. So if I would have paid for that it would have been over 10 bucks for two eggs, two pieces of bacon (which is a buck a piece on up charge on friend's sandwich) and coffee and basically three bites of fruit. \u000a\u000aEat n Park is the place for squiggly smiles.
p1316
aVPossibly the worst dining experience I've had.  My husband and I were riding the bike trail in Pittsburgh and we decided to grab a bite to eat here since this location is right along the trail.  We noticed there were many tables open on the patio so we requested to sit outside.  It was rather busy inside so we waited patiently for 20 minutes until it was our turn to be seated.  The hostess then took us to a table inside the restaurant.  Not wanting to be rude, I asked if they were not putting anyone outside for some reason... She said the person who took our name didn't indicate that we wanted to sit outside (however, I watched her write "patio" next to our name).  We were then led outside and told to sit where ever we wanted... Because it was still basically empty... \u000a\u000aFinally happy to be seated, we waited another 10 minutes or so for our waitress to come.  She asked if we were ready to order both our meals and drinks so we did.  It took another 10 minutes to get our drinks which we quickly drank because we were thirsty from riding.  We were able to get a refill before we got our food since it took over 40 minutes from the time we ordered it.  The waitress came back one more time after we were done eating and I asked it I could talk to someone about how long everything took but she did not seem interested.  No apology.   Nothing.  She simply said that sometimes they aren't told when someone is seated outside.  Maybe that would explain the initial wait but why the terrible service after she clearly knew we were there?\u000a\u000aThis Eat'n Park is a joke.  Extremely slow service and a rude waitress on top of it.  The food was ok, but paying for that meal made me feel like I was being robbed.  A group of people at the table next to us walked out after waiting 10-15 minutes for a waitress to acknowledge them.  Even when a woman at the table asked our waitress if she could order drinks, she just went inside and ignored them.  Whoever manages this restaurant should be ashamed!
p1317
aVThis has to be the worst restaurant at the waterfront. From the second I walked in the door no one acknowledged my sister or myself for at least five to ten minutes, which I thought was weird because they were not busy. The manager, who was standing close and talking to another employee looked briefly at us, didn't smile or welcome us, turned and continued her conversation. We finally get sat at a booth that the hostess sloppily wiped off, left crumbs all over the seat and left old trash sitting on the table. We sat in the booth for ten minutes waiting for someone to come wait on us before I finally decided enough was enough and left. My sister loves Eat n Park but every time I enter the waterfront store I'm severely disappointed. \u000a \u000aI've been a manager and a cook at two very busy restaurants in Oakland for over six years so I know what I'm talking about. I have never let anyone stand in a doorway like that, I would wait on you myself until the waitress could get to you. It is appalling to see what that place has become. I will never go back to that place again.
p1318
aVFrom the last time I was here it was a complete one-eighty.  Our service was way above average, in fact our waitress was amazing.  She was attentive and even doted over my niece, it felt great to be welcomed and accommodated this time around.\u000a\u000aThis visit I was here with a bigger party than last time, but that didn't stop us from receiving some of the best service I have ever had at an ENP.  Food is standard, especially if you are like me and enjoy the salad bar.  It's not the hugest salad bar, but it has enough items on it to feel your stomach and then some.\u000a\u000aOh, and I rediscovered the grilled stickies.  O M G!  I forgot how much those ooey gooey grilled sticky buns of gold could be the perfect ending to a healthy meal. ;)
p1319
aVWe had 20 people so we had our own room. The server Janee started off strong setting a tone for our meal that she would be organized and on point.  Unfortunately, that was the high point of this service.  We sat there for 20 minutes without drinks, in fact some meals started coming out and we still didn't have our beverages.  Half the table had Pepsi or Diet Pepsi, the other half had water and two people had dr. pepper.  I'm not sure why they couldn't just get pitchers.....I got the salad bar only, it was ok but it was messy so when you went to add items other items were mixed in which is kind of gross, I thought the chili was overly salty.  The other people we were with didn't have much good to say about their meals, with the exception of the angus burger.  Janee did stop and take a picture of our whole table which was nice and we were there three hours so she did earn her pay, but she set the expectation high that she knew what she was doing and it fell flat pretty fast.  I'm not sure it was all her fault as she didn't seem to have a staff that was working to support her, just catch her up as needed.  I think if you have 20 people at a table 2-3 staff members would make you more successful.  When we went to leave I bought a dozen of the sugar cookies.  The person at the counter didn't know how to ring them up and was quite rude when I asked for her to ring them up, like I was doing her a disservice by asking to purchase the restaurant's products.  That was my first time at Eat'n Park and I think I would prefer to just eat at Denny's next time.
p1320
aVThe waitress there are extremely rude .  On two occasions that I went there the same rudeness was there in 2 of the older wait staff.   Not sure what this is about..??  The first time a lady friend of mine did not order the Buffett and the watress tried to charge me..then proceeded to argue with me...lol..this morning.. another older last kept rolling her eyes at every quetion I had...lol...NEVER GO THERE AGAIN..
p1321
aVGood cheap food. Horrible service.  Had to wait 15 minutes before our waiter to even acknowledge us.  He then was really rude and never gave us napkins or forks. Our appetizers came out before our drinks. Didn't get any refills.
p1322
aVSalad bar looked old. Dry food, mashed veggies, etc. The girl that usually does it had just come in.\u000aAshley was our waitress...FANTASTIC SERVICE!
p1323
aVPerhaps the crowd here is less harsh, because I feel like the location in Squirrel Hill has been consistently better despite having a slightly lower rating. I've only been here three times - twice on a Wednesday night around 5 and once on a Saturday at around noon. From looking at the other pictures, the food doesn't seem so bad, so I might have just been unlucky on the Wednesday evenings, because both times I've ordered, the food was completely unsatisfactory.\u000a\u000aThe first time, the sesame pork chop was tiny - definitely not worth nearly 10 dollars (I take SOME presentation into account as well, and the food just looked thrown together on the plate). But I had the great salad bar to make up for it, and managed to cram 6 plates of salad because I'm a college student trying to maximize my nutrient to price ratio. And on the plus side, the waiter, Kevin, was very friendly, and even comped my HUGE piece of pumpkin creme pie for no particular reason. I didn't mention anything about the pork chop because I was very satisfied with the salad bar, anyway.\u000a\u000aThe second time, I ordered the chicken broccoli alfredo, and it was absolutely disgusting. I could see oil droplets on the entire dish (and I understand that alfredo is a creamy, oily dish, but this was ridiculous), the chicken was slightly burnt, and there were THREE pieces of broccoli. In a dish called "chicken and broccoli alfredo!" Honestly, I've never sent back food because who knows how chefs would respond, but oh well. On the plus side, the waitress (Aly or Ally I think) was absolutely lovely. A lot of energy, smiles, and attentiveness, so of course, I tipped well.\u000a\u000aThe place was packed on Saturday at noon, but other than that I had no issues. I'm not sure who cuts the pies though (whether they're already sliced or the waiter/waitress does it quickly), because the carrot cake I had was considerably tinier than the pumpkin creme pie! Perhaps they'd anticipated not having enough?
p1324
aVDecent. The food isn't anything to write home about about. Would go here if someone wanted to go, but it wouldn't be my idea.
p1325
aVWe come here alot but i think thats based on location and price. Food and service are hit and miss. I love the soup and salad as does my daughter and she is free which is great. You can get the meal w the soup and salad and bring the meal home from filling up on the bar.
p1326
aVEvery time I have come to this location I have been disappointed with the service, the food, the cleanliness and/or the wait. I don't understand how their HQ is next door and this location is such a step down from other locations. \u000a\u000aThis visit the salad bar was notably missing items, the soups at the salad bar were practically empty and watery. The restroom was dirty. The coffee was stale. And the steak salad ordered off the menu was browned head lettuce with "steakums" looking meat. Further, while I was at the salad bar, an employee and presumably a manager were discussing another employee who was always late and not able to effectively do his job and were also complaining about patrons not putting the serving spoons back in an upright position after use. \u000a\u000aI don't think I will come back to this location. The location on Streets Run Rd and Clairton Blvd is the exact opposite of this location. I will take my business there.
p1327
aVI recently went into this Eat N Park and had a HORRIBLE experience. The food was sub par and the seating, if you want to call it that, made my butt hurt for weeks. I had a hard time sitting down right for almost a week and a half. How can a restaurant not have proper seating for its paying customers? I shouldn't have to eat this sub par food in a booth that feels like a home for grizzly bears.\u000a\u000aOh, and don't get me started when I asked for the wine list. I enjoy a nice glass of red wine when I indulge myself in an all you can eat buffet. Trying to eat "fresh" pineapple with no wine just breaks my heart.
p1328
aVMy experience was subpar at best the hostess didnt even offer to take our coats.  Our table was terrible we sat in an hard cusioned like material which hurt my bottom and when the "waitress" offered us water it did not taste like it was bottled in spain like we asked for in the beginning. Our evening then became even more nightmarish than one could ever hope for. We asked for the fresh tilapia stuffed with creme freshe and the waiter looked at us like we were foreigners something. So we had to settle for chicken fingers. And when i went to the restroom to pass those horrendous monstrosities of mutated chicken there wasnt even one of those bathroom people there to offer me a towel and their colourful company. i had to end up toweling myself with a blow dryer. I still tipped the blow dryer by inserting silver dollars into those slots. Overall you will never see me there again and i will take my business to Applebee's.
p1329
aVI love this place. You can have buffets, breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Awesome place. It's clean and the customer service is excellent. I will say they get busy and the wait can be dragging process, but overall they treat you with respect. The last time I was there I ate the seafood platter. It was a little dry, but the waitress was nice enough to bring more sauce. I never complain about the food because it is alway fresh. I do suggest it and would go there again and again!
p1330
aVThis is a stop I hit whenever I head to the Waterfront. It's a pretty large store with lots of goodies. Yes, it takes time to find things I like, but that's what discount stores are about! Overall, of all the TJ Maxxes I've been to (from New Mexico to Boston), this is a pretty good one.
p1331
aVThis TJ Maxx is quickly becoming a weekly stop for me! The corporate team is definitely giving this store a lot of love with the product that they receive. Lately, I haven't been able to go into this store without spending at least $50-100. Dangerous!\u000a\u000aAs you walk in, handbags are the first thing you see. Last time I visited the store, I was on a mission -- coffee table decor -- but was quickly sidetracked by a large, briefcase-sized, black leather Michael Kors bag priced half-off the suggested retail price. So tempting... but I forgot about this amazing bag when I stumbled upon two quality sweaters thirty seconds later. One was Design History, which is a brand currently sold at Nordstrom, Saks, Neimans, and Bluefly, for only $25. I also found Adrienne Vittadini flats for $29, Meri Meri cupcake kits for $7, Woodwick candles for $10-12, and a luxurious Tahari throw blanket for $29. I walked out of the store minus $120 in my debit account with at least $300+ of product.\u000a\u000aI've also been delightfully surprised by the cleanliness of the store and the fitting rooms and by the friendliness of the staff. I was having an issue with my debit card while there, and the two associates that I worked with were very helpful and understanding about the issue.\u000a\u000aI'll definitely be going back in the next week or two to see what amazing new deals they'll have then!
p1332
aVGreat variety and exceptional bargains. From home decore to clothes and specialty foods and gadgets, TJ Maxx has got you covered.\u000a\u000aIt's hardly ever crowded, store is clean and check outs are quick.
p1333
aVI enjoy this TJ Maxx location. I'm not sure that any TJ Maxx in Western PA has as good of a selection as the Johnstown TJ Maxx, (yes, that's right, I really did say Johnstown) but this one is pretty close. There is plenty of space, and there is a decent homegoods section as well. Not huge, but decent.\u000a\u000aThis location always has a few Bliss products, which makes it top notch in my opinion. I mean, where else can you get discounted Bliss products??\u000a\u000aI generally don't have a lot of success with shoes at TJ Maxx because they never seem that discounted to me, but I have struck gold at this location several times. Last summer I scored two pairs of Cole Haan wedges for under $40 at the beginning of summer, and I've had success with booties here as well. Great deals on shoes makes me a happy girl!\u000a\u000aAll in all, this is a great location, and one that I frequent at least a few times per month.
p1334
aVDecent size, decent selection, decent staff.\u000a\u000aI guess that can wholly sum this place up, it's decent.  As with many other stores that are like this, the product rotates depending on what doesn't sale well at other stores.  Can always snag a deal here.  I was able to pick up a pretty sweet Puma jacket for $10, can't beat that, right?\u000a\u000aThat being said, there are those times that you may not find anything as well.  So really don't get your hopes up if you are looking for a specific item.
p1335
aVTo me TJ Maxx means great items at a great price!  They always have name brand handbags, jewelry, shoes, and clothing at a great price. You find shoes from Coach, clothes from Calvin Klein, and Jewelry from Betsy Johnson. They have purses from Michael Kors, , Coach, and Kate Spade plus many others. It's a great place to shop for items for your home, be it bedding or cookware that you need. Plus they have great decorative items as well. It's a great place to not only shop for yourself but for gifts. They have the best selection of frames around. It's all at great prices.
p1336
aVThis is the closest TJ Maxx to me. I'm glad that the Waterfront also has discount stores because we all know i love them. I head to this store often bc its good to see if you can snag a deal. The clothes selection here is nice as well as the shoes. Recently I picked up a Nathans water bottle. I price compared on Amazon & to check reviews. It was $15 on amazon (& had GREAT reviews). It was at TJ Maxx for $7.99. WHOOO! I use it everyday and its perfect for the gym.
p1337
aVI was somewhat disappointed that I didn't find what I was looking for.  This is a fairly small Marshalls.  It didn't look like the store received the worst items around, they just don't appear to have a lot of diversity like many of the other Marshalls that I patronize.  Will I return?  Yeah, I will.  I had one item in mind that I was looking for and didn't look for very many other things.
p1338
aVIf you're looking for a wallet, a new cheap purse or something of that nature--this is the place to go.\u000a\u000aOtherwise, this kind of shopping just isn't for me!\u000aI don't have the patience for clothes shopping here though.\u000aThe racks drive me nuts bc they're in no particular order.\u000a\u000aIts "Shirts/Sizes", "Pants/Sizes", "Jeans/Sizes", "Coats/Sizes"\u000aI can't look through a gazillion racks of shirts looking for something I like (aimlessly) in a M or L... I just cant do it!  lol\u000aWish I could, I'd probably find some deals.\u000a\u000aPROS:\u000aSome good deals\u000a\u000aCONS:\u000aYou've gotta "dig deep" to find 'em
p1339
aVWent in here to grab a last minute item I needed for an outfit.  I wasn't going to hold my breath here either, I know it's a Marshalls and that doesn't always mean the best selection.  It's hit or miss no matter what you are looking for.\u000a\u000aThis day, was a hit, maybe even a home run.  I do have to admit, the Kenneth Cole shirt I got not only looked great on me, but made my wallet feel even better!
p1340
aVSince both Marshalls and TJ Maxx are owned by the same company, I make sure to stop by both locations when shopping at the Waterfront. I generally find nothing or spend only $10 or so at Marshalls, while being enticed to spend at least $50-100 at TJ Maxx. The Waterfront TJ Maxx seems to have not only the same product as this Marshalls plus a whole lot more. All that to say, I consider shopping here a waste of time since I could just drive a block or so and be at a store owned by the same company that always has what I want and need. Sorry, Marshalls, but you're just OK to me.
p1341
aVNot quite sure if I really need to review Marshalls, since I'm probably not going to say much that hasn't already been said. I noticed all other reviews are 2 or 3 stars as well. I prefer the Marshalls in Greensburg, but my husband likes to stop in here whenever we're down at the Waterfront, and heck, why not? \u000a\u000aIt's hit or miss, of course. At times I can find absolutely nothing. But not on this last trip. I scored my new favorite tank top for $2!! The H, in desperate need of new black work socks, found some for eight bucks! It was actually a 6 pack of socks, but came with an extra pair. So, 7 pairs of socks for $8....not too shabby. I also found a super cute home-made-esque wedding card for my cousin's upcoming wedding for $1.99. Any day with bargains is a good day!
p1342
aVMarshalls is hit or miss with me, but during the last two visits, I found what I was looking for, for great prices. Score!  They have a decent selection of shoes, although my size is hard to come by here.  Cute handbags and I approve of their activewear selection.  One can never have too many workout clothes.  I also purchase trouser socks here.\u000a\u000aEvery now and again, I check out the housewares and I've liked what I saw.  They have some unique decor and gifts, sometimes small furniture pieces.  Years ago, I purchased decorative pillows from here that match my living room furniture perfectly. I've also purchased children's gifts (books and toys) from here.\u000a\u000aThe staff is generally pleasant and I met a friendly associate manning the dressing rooms tonight.  If you're into stylish reusable bags, they have some new spring designs that are cute. Just 99 cents.
p1343
aVFinally, I restaurant in Pittsburgh that I can give 4 stars!! Mitchell's is located on the Waterfront and is one of the nicer restaurants in that area. The interior is a classic, clean, modern seafood restaurant-- dark wood, glass, etc... The menu has really great seafood selections and is printed daily.  But here's what's great about this place: after 4pm you can get "small plates" at the bar for $3 each, and these ain't no Costco fish sticks! Two of these small plates would make a sufficient meal (along with the sourdough French bread they bring out). Finally, while the drinks aren't cheap, they're creative, tasty and fresh. All in all, I had a great experience, and I think this place would be perfect for a date or a happy hour with the girls from the typing pool.
p1344
aVNo pictures!  I knew I should have taken my camera!\u000a\u000aMy aunt and I went there today for Mother's day.  I think we must have gotten the lunch menu because everything looked pretty cheap (I've been to the one in Columbus).  My aunt had a chicken dinner (grilled chicken, green beans and potatoes with butter) and I had their Shanghai sampler which had a couple of shrimp, a couple of scallops and a nice piece of salmon, all done perfectly.  We didn't order dessert since my aunt had made my favorite pumpkin pie!  Anyway, dinner was great, and so was the service, thus the five stars!
p1345
aVThis is one of the few restaurants I frequent in the Waterfront. Why would you come to Mitchell's if not for the fish/seafood? You probably wouldn't. But you can swim in the Great Lakes beer on tap here and have some nice oysters while enjoying river view. Not many places in Pittsburgh offer these types of views while dining (and that's a Pittsburgh mystery to me). The restaurant is never to crowded and you won't get packed in like sardines in a tin can. So you can enjoy a fairly romantic dinner with your loved one(s).  \u000aThe food is very good but you may have to shell out a few clams of your own ($$$). If you have deep ocean like pockets put your hook into the  sea bass which is always moist and scrumptious at around $29.99. They will cook your food one of several ways. I like my fish broiled, their signature is too salty for my liking. Bread is mmmgood and hot (free). Staff is very  accommodating ie you can request to sample a soup and the servers are pleased to do so. I recommend you try their soups like the seafood gumbo. A bowl of this creamy delight goes a long way...bonus they toss in those little hexagonal oyster crackers as  reminds me of my youth on Long Island's south shore (but that's another story). Salads a bit skimpy and somewhat pricey (approx. $7.95 for basic house salad). Bottom line is Mitchell's at the Waterfront is well worth taking the splash for if you really like a nice seafood dinner.
p1346
aVMtchells is one of the best fish places around.  I really like their Shanghi preparation of my fish. It's just delicious.\u000a\u000aThe establishment is always clean, the staff courteous and the fish, of course, fresh.  \u000a\u000aOddly enough one of my favorite things about going here besides the fish is the bread they give you.  It's always so warm and tasty.\u000a\u000aThe deserts are also very tasty.  I have gotten two that I really liked\u000a\u000aThey also have a three course fixed price option last I went that was a great value. I think it was $20/person for lunch.
p1347
aVAn excellent choice for fresh, well prepared seafood located in the Waterfront area in Homestead.   I frequent this area for business travel, and you can't do much better without heading downtown.\u000a\u000aThe seafood is excellent, with a daily menu crammed full of fresh fish specials, a raw bar, and a list of chef's specialties.  The house salad is sweet and delicious, and the 'shanghai' seafood preparation is delicious, healthy, and unique.  Try it with the scallops or a white-fleshed fish.\u000a\u000aThere is a nice selection of regional beers on tap, a decent selections of wines, and creative drinks (think elderflower and pear martinis).  The deserts are adequate, though not a highlight.  \u000a\u000aIf you're on the Waterfront, you won't do better than this.  Enjoy!
p1348
aVI was impressed.  \u000a\u000aWent here for lunch.  The seafood gumbo was tremendous.  I wasn't in the mood for more seafood so I had the chicken blt on ciabatta bread.  I'm not sure what type of creamy sauce they put on the bread, but it was delicious.  Will go back again.\u000a\u000aThe food was reasonably priced for lunch.  Dinner would obviously be more expensive but I imagine it's worth the $.
p1349
aVI did not know this is a franchise restaurant until I had looked it up on the internet. This is the only restaurant I was not familiar with by the waterfront. My mom and me sat on the outdoor patio, the weather was very nice on a breezy summer day. \u000aThere was a great prix fixe special for $23, what a great price for regular portion salad---the dressing was too sweet for me---entree and mini dessert.\u000aThe fish was fresh. My mom's chilean sea bass shanghi style came with sticky rice and spinach. The sea bass had nice texture and was reasonably priced. My lobster and shrimp pappardelle had more shrimp than I expected. My desert was creme brulee, which was very good. I love a good sugar coated dessert.
p1350
aVA very nice meal in a very nice restaurant\u000a\u000aPROS:\u000aVery good food\u000ainteresting choices--not your typical red lobster crap\u000aGreat service\u000aVery clean (restrooms, included)\u000a\u000aCONS:\u000an/a
p1351
aVI took my cousin from California here for lunch. We were both eating lite since a) I was dieting and b) my family was having dinner at my mother's house and she was slaving over lasagna all day, so if anyone knows anything about Italian mother's, you better arrive hungry. Back to mitchell's, I had the iceberg wedge with bacon, egg, tomatoes and a delicious home made blue cheese dressing. I also ordered a bowl of seafood gumbo which was the best gumbo I ever tasted. It wasn't overly packed with rice, as a matter of fact, there wasn't much rice at all. It was mostly shredded crab, scallops, and shrimp with a very delicate broth that wasn't too thick and the heat snuck up on you after swallowing. It wasn't a lot of heat, just enough to make it exciting. As for the iceberg wedge salad, every once in awhile I need a piece of iceberg instead of a bowl of spring mix (ie: tender weeds). The star of this salad was the chef made blue cheese dressing. It was not overly thick, very tasty and savory. It complimented the bacon and egg on the wedge. The cousin ordered the carrot cake for dessert and it was easily a pound slice. I tasted a little bite and must say it's the best carrot cake I've ever tasted. The cream cheese frosting was more buttery than "cheesy", it was a great surprise when you're expecting the normal cream cheese frosting. There were whole walnuts throughout the cake and many raisins, which I love. Also this recipe seems to rely on more cinnamon than I've tasted in the past. I highly recommend it. It was a wonderful lunch and I'm sure she had carrot cake to take on the plane ride back to Riverside.
p1352
aVThis place has great seafood. The best in the area. I come here for seafood every time. Everything on their menu is good. Their menu changes all the time depending on what was in season. Appetizers are amazing like the raw oysters.  Their clam chowder is the best. Really creamy with lots of clams. Wonderful restaurant. You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu. We love coming to this restaurant. Don't forget a reservation on weekends. You will not get a table and will probably wait an hour or two if you don't have one. We never get to the dessert. Always too full to eat dessert.   Forgot to take pictures.
p1353
aVMitchell's Fish Market is a very nice place to eat...for a chain restaurant.  And actually, if it wasn't a chain, it wouldn't be too bad either.  The atmosphere was surprisingly pleasant - the room was warm and intimate, perfect for a date.  It wasn't too noisy or too crowded, and we were seated right away on a Friday around 7:30 pm.\u000a\u000aOur server was friendly, and happy to give recommendations.  I started with a house salad, which I told the server I would split with my boyfriend.  She brought it to us on two separate plates, which I thought was a nice touch, and more than what I expected.  Poppy seed dressing was okay, it's pretty thick and creamy as I remember, but tasty.\u000a\u000aI ordered from the special menu, since they had a bit of a lobster promotion going on.  My entree was a combo: lobster tail, and "lobster pot pie."  Now, lobster is a beautiful thing, but I have to say....it wasn't beautiful here.  It wasn't awful, but it didn't taste as fresh as I like (I'm guessing that's because the meat was frozen originally).  It's just a shame.  Dipping the lobster in butter was a pleasant experience, but it's supposed to be an ecstatic one.\u000a\u000aThe lobster pot pie was totes not what I imagined.  I pictured a flaky, golden crust, a delicious creamy lobstery gravy, and big hunks of lobster and vegetables.  Instead....I got what sort of resembled a small bread bowl made of a biscuit.  There was a lot of sauce, which was surprisingly orange in color and very rich, with some lobster chunks and vegetables that appeared to come from a bag of frozen veg (I'd recognize those tiny square-shaped carrot chunks anywhere)!  Whaaaaaaaat?  It wasn't bad or anything, but not what I imagined.  I was a little bummed out.  \u000a\u000aSo everything we ate was just fine, and nice when you're craving seafood....but I think in future I'd rather just head to the Strip, get a lobster, and cook the sucker up myself.  I didn't try their fresh preparations, so I can't say how those were.\u000a\u000aI'd say in the Waterfront though, it's probably one of your better options.  Healthier and fresher than most of the other choices.  And the atmosphere is great, including the service.
p1354
aVExcellent service, great meal!  They had an excellent selection of seafood,  and I can't wait to dine again
p1355
aVDelightful! After biking on the river trail that led us to the Waterfront, we zoomed past what looked like a wonderful patio situation at Mitchell's, right on the river. We parked our bikes and were seated promptly at the patio. The waitress even filled our water bottles for us! The interior of the restaurant is very nice, sea-themed, and clean. The decor is really tasteful and classy. The outside was perfect. It was Sunday afternoon and the weather was gorgeous. Looking out to a serene part of the river is fabulous as well. Our waiter was professional, knowledgeable and friendly. We decided just on a few drinks and an app. The two drinks my bf ordered were AMAZING. The first, muddled basil, grapefruit juice and vodka (I forget the name). SO refreshing! the basil was flavorful and tasted awesome with the grapefruit juice. The second he got was a frothy pineapple-vodka with a huge fresh chunk of pineapple inside. Both were winners. I stuck with a fairly priced white wine but got to test his fun drinks :) The app we got was the Hawaiian Seared Ahi Tuna and it was delicious as well. It was a pretty decent size to split, and came with sushi rice, a red onion/cucumber relish, ginger and wasabi. I believe the tuna was also drizzled with ponzu. It was so good - definitely recommend! My bf couldn't help himself so he also ordered a cup of lobster bisque, which I don't eat, but he said it was very good. He also polished off some of the warm bread loaf that accompanied our meal. This place definitely earns the stars and I had no idea it was even a chain. The waiter said they were expanding, so hopefully the quality and service don't go down. I also checked out the rest of the menu and they use quality ingredients and the prices really aren't bad (it was the lunch menu - I'm sure the dinner menu is pricier.) I felt like I was on vacation and I'll definitely be back!
p1356
aVThis was a great find near Pittsburgh alternative to down town scene. Ambiance was great on the deck by the river, and service was excellent (Thanks Melisa for history lessens!). Seafood including Oysters were fresh and well prepared. Price was reasonable for "Prefix" menu including scrumptious dessert.  What an evening to end a fantastic summer day in Pittsburgh.
p1357
aVDRINKS: Water for me, Yuengling for my fiance\u000aAPPETIZERS: Cup of Maine Lobster Bisque for me -- soo good! My fiance had the New Orleans Seafood Gumbo which I had a taste of it and it was good, but I liked my soup better...very rich and creamy but full of flavor with a fair amount of lobster bits mixed in. The bread they served with the apps was fresh baked (I believe sourdough) and it was quite tasty along with the whipped butter. Our entrees came with house salads - had great elements, but I felt I couldn't enjoy mine because the dressing given was a poppyseed vinagrette and I can't handle too much acidity in my food these days. My fiance however cleaned his salad plate (not a sentence I utter often).\u000aENTREES: I had one of the specials, Grilled Shrimp and Scallops with roasted summer vegetables and tomato vinagrette (which I asked for on the side). The seafood part was great - the vegetables were so-so. My fiance had the special of Cod stuffed with Lobster (and some other seafood) with asparagus and a lemony sauce - I had a taste of his and it was really yummy, I'll def order that next time! We both finished our plates, which wasn't too challenging b/c the portions were moderate (I got 3  srhimp and 3 scallops for example) but still filling.\u000aDESSERT: Didn't order any\u000aSERVICE: Friendly, though a little sparse. After we finished our meals we felt like we were waiting around for awhile before we could ask for our check. But our server was overall friendly and we didn't feel neglected or anything.\u000aDEALS/DISCOUNTS: None\u000aOVERALL: We liked the variety and freshness of seafood. Def a place we'd consider going to again, which is the main mark of a very good experience!
p1358
aVGot lunch from here today. \u000a\u000aWhat I sampled: \u000aMaine Lobster Bisque (delicious and the whole reason for getting lunch from here)\u000aCheeseburger (decent version I only ate about half, but I expect the other half won't last long)\u000a\u000aOverall I enjoy going here, though it is a bit overpriced, but sometimes I am just in the mood for that lobster bisque!
p1359
aVWe went here for Valentines Day after some traffic downtown made us miss our reservation somewhere else. We both loved it. The calamari is outstanding and if you get there before 7, they run happy hour which is half off apps and $3 beers. \u000a\u000aI had filet and crab cake and it was delicious. The steak was cooked perfectly and the crabcake was a good size. Atmosphere was good and busy but that is likely because of it being Valentines day. Despite the busyness, the wait staff was very attentive.\u000a\u000aMy wife's steak came out rare despite asking for medium but they took it back and recooked it to a perfect medium level. We will def be back.
p1360
aVWent on a Saturday, 2 hour wait. food is good, I got some seafood gumbo to go and I won't do that again. Seemed like it didn't have any seafood in it.
p1361
aVThe service is great and friendly. I got the baked spinach and artichoke dip and it was superb. I love the fresh, right out of the oven bread too. I got the Atlantic salmon, and it was probably the best fish I have ever tried. Listened to other yelpers suggestion of the shang hai preparation, and they were right. Just make sure you make a reservation! Best seafood restaurant in da burgh!
p1362
aVService was slow, but that was because one of our party insisted that the bartender, her favorite server, serve us in our private room for a party of 8.  The food and drinks were good and we woud return.
p1363
aVI am bummed about this- I had high hopes. Here's a rundown of the evening:\u000a\u000aPros:\u000a- super friendly waitress, Stephanie, who maintained her professionalism and friendliness throughout \u000a- yummy elderflower and pear beverage\u000a- lobster bisque was nice and lobster-y\u000a- hot delicious bread\u000a\u000aCons:\u000a- oysters were sketch. And I don't feel good about that. Stephanie brought us an order of East Coast oysters to replace the West Coast ones that we sent back.\u000a- fresh grated horseradish had NO flavor or heat- what's up with that?\u000a- scallops were meh- came with weird veggies, unevenly seared, and no real flavor. And at a whopping $25 a plate, I expect some nummers!\u000a\u000aI doubt we'll go back- for those prices, I would prefer McCormick's or Ruth's Chris.
p1364
aVGood food..yummy
p1365
aVService an atmosphere was great. I had the shrimp boil and it was very under-seasoned. Much closer to bland than anything.
p1366
aVI'm not a mean reviewer, if you look at the other places I've reviewed, but this was just so so so disappointing. The Shanghai style Merlin was very poorly done. The meat was extremely bland, with very little seasoning. I have a very low sodium tolerance and yet I still found this fish to be made too bland. The rice was entirely uncooked and it made crunching sounds as I took my first bite. I talked to the waitress and she offered to bring out another side. It wasn't the same. The whole dish was a fail and I don't think I am ever coming back again :(
p1367
aVI went here on a recent business trip, and there aren't many decent options in West Homestead, so I decided to splurge on the company's dollar and  ordered take-out.   \u000a\u000aI was highly disappointed in the service, and I only ordered take out.    Upon going to the bar to announce that I was there for take out, there were 3 other people at the bar.   The bartender had her back to me and it wasn't until a few minutes had passed that another guest told her that she should wait on me.    \u000a\u000aAfter announcing the reason for my visit, she checks on my order (not ready yet) and helps other tables.  No offer of water, or a drink.  Another gentleman working the bar asked the bartender if she had offered me a drink, she stated to him my order would be right up.   He then asked if she offered me a water, to which she replied, her order is going to be right up.    He placed a glass of water in front of me.\u000a\u000aThen I hear my name and order announced by the kitchen staff.   3 staff members yelled. .  ."it's TAKEOUT"  so back it went into the kitchen to be packed up.\u000a\u000aGentelman bartender asks female bartender if she has rung me up yet (she had not)\u000a\u000aAfter more time had passed (how long does it take to put food into a takeout container?)   it finally is put down in front of me.  She then rings me up.   I don't expect take out to be piping hot, but at this point i wondered if it was even going to be room.\u000a\u000aWhen i go to eat my meal, utensils were not included.  I now had to go find something to eat my lukewarm food with. \u000a\u000aVERY DISAPPOINTING experience.   Will not be returning.
p1368
aVWill I come here again?  Yes absolutely for drinks, they knocked the Ketel One extra dirty blue cheese olive martini outta the park.  The ambiance is very nice.  Of the 4 types of reviews I give (awesome, OK, bad where they get slammed and bad where I hope they improve) here I am giving the heartfelt "bad where I hope they improve."  Our waitress was very friendly and did a good job.  I mentioned the gritty redskins of the mashed potato.  We went with appetizers she recommended.  Not good.  \u000a\u000aSeared ahi tuna: horrible flavors mixed with the rub, the prep, the tuna wasn't cool inside, the chips were not good, there was no soy sauce but there was wasabi.  NOT good.  With heartfelt advice, compare this against Outback's ahi tuna appetizer and it's no contest.  The chef should do so.  (He's a nice guy like me I hope.)  \u000a\u000aBBQ shrimp: go try Redstone's (Philly) buffalo shrimp appetizer.  It is chilled, very delicious.  This appetizer was recommended and was garbage.  The barbecue sauce was horrible, overwhelmed and left an unsavory aftertaste in both my and my clients' palate.  Gordon Food Service or Sysco BBQ sauce.  A real "must-miss".  \u000a\u000aCod entree was OK.  The skillet beans were too firm, too mature, they need petite green beans.  Potato skin had grit in the mashed.  Why 1 star?  The price was close to Capital Grille, but far from the cuisine.  I hope they spruce it up.  The place is nice.
p1369
aVHad the blackened fish taco's, the were very good along with a pint of Guinness. Recommended.
p1370
aVFirst off I have to note, their Maine Lobster Bisque is amazing. Definately don't miss out on it. \u000a\u000aThat being said, we had lunch there and the lunch portions are a good value. I had the Cedar Plank salmon. The fish was fantastic, except that the vegetables were a little bland. \u000a\u000aThe atmosphere at the restaurant is quite relaxed, and I don't think I've ever seen it get more than mildly busy in there, so it is a nice place to go to have a quiet meal with someone special.
p1371
aVI went here for dinner as i wanted to have a nice dinner. The tuna was excellent. I asked for it grilled and it came out perfect. The only issue is that the raspberry tea does not have free refills but the unsweetened ice tea is free. I was VERY pleased with the dessert as the chocolate cake was very good. The waiters were top notch.
p1372
aVI have always had a great dinner at Mitchell's but something has changed. Went there last night about 5:30, the place was maybe half full. We were seated and when it finally occurred to us that no one had been to the table at all to ask about drinks or even bring water, I started timing.... 14 minutes later we decided to leave. Told the hostess what had happened and got a blank stare.  Sorry but not going back there again.
p1373
aVThe service was mostly friendly but I was disappointed in my meal. My meal was way over cooked. The soda was flat and the carbonation needed changed and I felt like we inconvenienced our server by asking for new ones.  Overall, I thought it was mediocre and I was expecting more for the prices.
p1374
aVThe food was really good, but the prices were pretty high and the portions were on the small side. The desserts were the high point of the meal for me. I got the "shark fin" pie and it was really good. The waitress thought I wouldn't be able to finish it... but I showed her. Take that, waitress.
p1375
aVI have passed by this place a zillion times and never given it a second look.  I thought it might be a Red Lobster knock off.  Then I asked a friend if they had ever heard of it and they had, and liked it.\u000a\u000aI was pleasantly surprised by how nice the ambiance was inside.  Very cozy.  Much more upscale than I had thought it would be.  The service was terrific.  Lots of things to choose from on the menu.  A bit pricier than I had imagined.  Most entrees were anywhere from $17 to $30.  But this is Pittsburgh and this is seafood.\u000a\u000aThat said, they started us off with really delicious sour dough bread.  Butter was soft which I like.  Our entrees came pretty quickly.  I had a seafood assortment of blackened talapia, grilled sea scallops and salmon cooked on a plank.  The scallops were just done, I like them cooked a little more.  Everything else was pretty good.\u000aMy beloved had the crab cakes and really enjoyed them.\u000a\u000aWe'll probably be back, but will order something different.   We liked it.
p1376
aVFood was excellent. Went for the Sunday brunch and loved it. I highly recommend the steak and eggs with the zucchini pancakes, really an outstanding dish. Oh, and if you get the carrot cake....one is enough for everyone! It was huge, and it was soooo goood! I don't know how they can make something taste that good and cook it in such large volumes. Really was an excellent experience, my only reason for not giving it a five star review was that there was too much time in between our courses. There was probably a good 40 minutes that passed between our salads and our entrees. That's a little long for me when I'm at a brunch. Usually I don't eat a breakfast if I'm going to something like that, so 40 minutes was too long for me.
p1377
aVFood was only ok. Had lobster bisque soup not to good. Had the shang Hai Seafood Sampler. The scallops were hard, over cooked. The samon was good. Shrimp had no flavor. I will say the service was the best. Our waiter was great!!
p1378
aVabsolutely delicious. wonderful service.
p1379
aVWe had a bigger party and I think that might have flustered the waitresses just a bit. They forgot about our waters until the food came out, but were super apologetic when they did bring them. The food was ok. I ordered the crab cakes they were a bit heavy on the breading, so I would give them a rating of, "eh". My friend ordered a steak, asked for medium rare, and it came out...well done. He was too hungry to complain and just ate it. We might go back again, and this time maybe take a bit more time looking over the menu.
p1380
aVVery very good chain family restaurant. I had their yellowfin tuna steak shanghai style and it was great. Service was excellent and the party of 5 I was with swore they could eat there every week as the menu was extremely diverse. It's hard for me to give a chain 5/5 but this is pretty close.
p1381
aVLove this place - they were very accommodating to me, Peanut and Gramma (she goes often).  Solid wine selection and Gramma says they make a good Margarita.  We all enjoyed all of our food as well.  Great view of the Mon too.
p1382
aVBeautiful decor. Very genuine staff. Very clean washrooms. Delicious food. I tried the market trio. The blackened tilapia was nice with a little bit of spice. This is a great place for a seafood lover.
p1383
aVAmazing valentines dinner and service! Curt was simply a wonderful server and the food was fantastic. \u000a\u000aOnly negative was a few overly salted bites. But as someone who is a salt minimalist. That could purely be my palate only.
p1384
aVThe tuna was enjoyable and the service was prompt. The house Chardonnay was buttery and was a good compliment to the fish. It was a Tuesday night so the place was busy but not crowded. Since I wasn't "wowed" by the place I won't give it 5 stars but I had no dissatisfaction to speak of. I will be back (if I'm not across the street at the Rock Bottom Brewery).
p1385
aVMy husband and I went to Mitchell's last summer for our wedding anniversary. We both took a half day at work and we arrived in the early afternoon (after lunch but before the dinner crowd). I can't say enough about this place...we have gone here on a few occasions and I've always been please with everything. \u000a\u000aPros: Nice friendly waitress, who took some time to take our picture (since it was our anniversary), food was excellent and not extremely overpriced, restaurant and bathrooms were clean!\u000a\u000aCons: None on this visit or any previous visits
p1386
aVLove this place so much. The food is always so delicious always leave feeling extremely satisfied. The service is incredibly slow though, takes FOREVER to our meals! Even during lunch time when there's almost no one there.. I don't understand I always end up eating here for at LEAST two-four hours. Fish is always fresh, lobster is delicate and tasty, and surprisingly the steak is amazing as well. Clam chowder is rich and creamy-- perfect thickness! Love their salads as well. Definitely recommend this place for a date night :) pricey? Definitely, be prepared to spend at least $20/person!
p1387
aVFirst I would like to say that I was hesitant coming to another fish place recommended by some temporary coworkers since the last place they sent me to made terribly ill. \u000aThat being said, I came here and was delighted by my server Michael who was not only friendly but incredibly attentive and very sharp. \u000aI originally ordered the Mahi Mahi but alas, the ran out upon my ordering, in which case the manager promptly came to ask me for another upgraded selection at no additional charge. Hence, the tuna. \u000aNow the tuna was amazing. Seared almost perfectly, with the rare flavor still intact. \u000aI would most definitely come back again and if I lived in the area, this would be one of my top spots.
p1388
aVGood quality food here. The clam chowder was excellent and so was the tuna appetizer and the Americana seafood plate loaded with shrimp and scallops in a creamy spinach sauce with small potatoes. I'd go here again if possible.
p1389
aVI love Mitchell's Fish Market.  95% of the time, the food is amazing but, when they mess up, they move heaven and earth to make it better.  The last time we were at Mitchell's, I ordered the lobster and tenderloin skewers.  My lobster was underdone.  The server was amazing and replaced the lobster tail even though I had eaten most of it.  Then, to make our night even better, comped us a dessert.  It's that kind of stellar service that keeps us going back.
p1390
aVI have eaten some very good dinners here.  Although it's a chain, I would say it's several notches above the other chain restaurants.  The chef here seems to add some creativity to the menu, so I will be definitely back again soon.
p1391
aVThe patio view is beautiful, and the food is good, too! We ordered the Grill Rainbow trout, Shang Hai Rainbow trout, Crispy Ginger cod & rainbow trout. Everyone is happy about the dish. They have music every Thursday, it is a little bit loud, but the band is really good. Will come again!
p1392
aVMitchell's is located on the river side of the Waterfront and out of the crazy "let's fight to find a parking spot" area.  They do take reservations, but doubtful you need one on a weekday during lunch.  It wasn't busy when I was there on a Tuesday at noon.\u000a\u000aMitchell's has a cool layout - large full bar in the middle, private large rooms for large parties, smaller areas for business lunches, full dining room seating with tables and booths, and an excellent outdoor patio where you can watch people ride by on the bike trail.  \u000a\u000aThis is a seafood restaurant with lots of good options for fresh in season fish.  You can choose from a number of different fish to have prepared for salads, sandwiches, or just as they are.  I had the chopped salad and added scallops to it.  Delicious!  \u000a\u000aThe price range is reasonable and you can plan on spending around $15 with your lunch and a soda/iced tea.  For that price, you really can't complain.  I drop almost that much at Panera on a half sandwich and cup of soup with an iced tea.  \u000a\u000aI'm sure it's much busier for dinner but I find Mitchell's to be an excellent place for a business lunch or just meeting friends.  I've been here for brunch as well and had an excellent Bloody Mary and eggs benedict with crab.
p1393
aVWent for dinner Friday evening with friends and sat at the outdoor patio. It is so nice and relaxing there with the river and bike trail. The sourdough bread they serve is always hot and fresh. The Chilean sea bass just melts in your mouth, it was awesome. The Cod stuffed with shrimp and lobster was also very good. I had the carrot cake for dessert, it is big enough for 3 people. It was so delicious. My friend had the creme  brûlée, which she said was very good. I was here 3 times this summer and every meal was excellent.
p1394
aVMy family and I go here whenever there is a special occasion and for good reason. The food is fantastic and the service cannot be beat, at least not when it's coming from the Governor or Kennedy. Best servers in the 'burgh!! I took my Dad there last weekend for his 70th birthday, didn't tell anyone that it was a special night out, but they treated us with such attention, accommodating our needs to a T. Kennedy adjusted meals to fit our taste, suggested things based on what we were looking for, took at least 10 minutes with us going over the menu...I could go on, but needless to say, it was just a fabulous meal and was worth every penny. We got the king crab and bacon wrapped shrimp to start, lobster bisque soup, cedar plank salmon, Chilean sea bass, and a fish medley made to order. We also always get the 7 layer carrot cake, which to me is the best cake anywhere in town.  A must go for anyone looking for an amazing meal and excellent service. But be sure and ask for Kennedy, he's a real dude.
p1395
aVHave been here a few times. The wait staff is always top notch and food is very good. I had the steak and lobster tail. Steak was a perfect medium rare and the lobster was also cooked well. Oysters as an app. they appeared fresh and tasted how they should. Overall like in the past we had a great experience at mitchells which is not something I always expect from a chain.
p1396
aVI went to this restaurant last week with my husband and my family. The restaurant is located on the Waterfront area. The variety of fish was excellent, including the fresh fish of the day. I ordered the atlantic cod and it was delicious.\u000aThe waitress' service was really good. \u000aI definitely recommend this restaurante.
p1397
aVExcellent fresh seafood. Good vegetables. Good service. Best place to eat on Waterfront.
p1398
aVTop points. \u000aService. I was there with a large group for a meeting. They gave us a private room and two servers took care of us. They were efficient and very accommodating. Kudos. \u000a\u000aAppetizers: had the crab dip and calamari. Both were good. Servers brought extra chips with the dip as they were needed. I'm always surprised that more chips are not just added to the original dish at this point. Dip was good. Calamari was done well. Preferred the shrimp cocktail Sauce with it versus the Asian type soy sauce that is served with it. \u000a\u000aWedge salad with bleu cheese. Waaaaaay too much cheese and I like bleu cheese. \u000a\u000aI had the blackened tuna with mashed potatoes and seasonal veggies. Carrots were carrot sticks hardly cooked and dry! Green beans overdone and broccoli had seen better days. Simple green beans would have been more appetizing. \u000aTuna had blackening spices but needed a better sear on it. Was not over cooked. Potatoes as expected. \u000aOther dishes seen--fisherman's platter. Looked a little greasy, but that's expected from me in a full fried dish. Would be nice if this was offered broiled as well. Crab cakes and filet looked okay. \u000a\u000aOverall I'm always underwhelmed and overcharged here. I guess with chain places you get that, but I want more from a place that charges me 25 bucks for sub-seared tuna.
p1399
aVA OK!\u000a\u000aReally loved the bacon wrapped shrimp! So amazing with the sauce on the side. This was probably the the best part of the meal.  \u000a\u000aI also had blacken salmon with a double order of spinach instead of a starch. The spinach was just steamed without any flavoring... Which is better in the long run,  but I wish they had options for sauteed with garlic. \u000a\u000aThe service was great as well!  We were always taken care of.  \u000a\u000aWill definitely bring my bf here in the future.
p1400
aVThis was my first time at this location.  I've frequented the Upper St Clair Galleria restaurant.  There's a lot to like about this Columbus OH based chain.  I don't usually eat at chain restaurants nor will I review them because they're typically big food corporate run places that don't care what they feed you they just care about their stockholders.  This place seems different to me.  The food quality and care seems to be very high.  \u000a\u000aThe staff is always well trained.  I like the decor and ambiance.  The menu offers many options.  I don't really like the fish preparation options very much and the portions can be small in some of the dishes but overall I am a fan.  I do really appreciate being able to buy fresh fish here.  I like to buy the trout and prepare it at home.  \u000a\u000aWe were here for a Thanksgiving meet-up event with 69 other people.  The room was a little small and it ended up being too loud too but the staff really pulled it off overall.  It's a tough thing to do.  It wasn't perfect for sure but the food was surprisingly good and came out hot and fresh.  Nicely done.
p1401
aVWe went here for Thanksgiving dinner; we had called ahead to check out vegan options, but the person on the other end was a little grumpy about the matter, but there's so little open on that day, there was little choice except to make sure I ate a big lunch earlier.\u000a\u000aI ordered the Thai salad, which is probably the only vegan item on the menu - really just a coleslaw with a peanut sauce and some funky chips.  I also ordered some grilled vegetables.  Both were good, but not amazing. \u000a\u000aThe beer selection was really bad (I mean, dive bar stuff), however the slightly pricey wine selection redeemed the place, and we had a great red and white.  \u000a\u000aThe service too was pretty good, but I simply can't recommend going here due to the poor selection of vegan items.
p1402
aVMy husbands first time.  Nice to be able to pick your fish and style of cooking.  I had a trio of Jamaican jerk tilapia,  salmon,  and scallops.  All good but too much sauce on scallops.  Husband had surf n turf special. Snow crab legs tasty but smaller portion than I expected. Glad they had raw oysters,  but no idea where they were from.  For $2.50 each you'd think they'd say.  Waitstaff friendly but inexperienced when it came to wine.  We taught two of them how to open a champagne bottle.  Nice time out,  but two gripes... #1 Used my phones flashlight to see if there was an outlet on the floor.  Felt like an archaeologist finding old remains of dinners gone by.  Crumbs,  napkins wedged between booth and wall,  gum,  dirt.  For the price I would expect a cleaner place. #2 our waiter kept saying Thank you. After every single sentence,  even when it wasn't appropriate.  Silly gripe,  right?  But it was way over the top and felt more like,  Can I have a tip?  Can I have a tip?
p1403
aVIn the Homestead area of Pittsburgh. Seafood gumbo was very good.\u000aBroiled scallops were very good, partner had sea bass stuffed with lobster, also very good. Vegetable sides were not as good as the fish. With two glasses of wine the total was $83. In and out in an hour.\u000aI'd go back because the fish was that good
p1404
aVGood. One of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. Went yesterday with family and enjoyed oysters(very fresh). I always like appetizers more than their entrees
p1405
aVOne of our favorite special occasion restaurants. Five stars for atmosphere. We enjoy the patio and the dining room. The food is superb and the service is also very good. Birthday and anniversary desserts on the house but no hassles like singing or incessant questions about the reason for your visit. One pointer/ don't go on Valentines without a reservation, but the same is true everywhere.
p1406
aVWent here for happy hour.  Initially, service was prompt, but after the first drink order, we had to track a server down in the kitchen to take the food order.  It took so long to get, we just left.  \u000aWill never go back.
p1407
aVSo yes I went there, the meal was good. I would love to say I would go back but I doubt it.
p1408
aVUnlike some other reviewers here that came to a FISH MARKET looking for vegan food (and didn't like it, who would have guessed !! :| ), I came here to eat fish.. and it was delicious.. \u000a\u000aI had atlantic salmon on special, with chili citrus glaze, that turned out awesome.. we also ordered cedar plank trout which didn't disappoint either.. overall, a real good first seafood experience for this place.. I'd have loved to give them 5 stars, but I'd hold that till they add some nice local beers..
p1409
aVWhoever gave this place 4 or five stars must be out of their minds. Had dinner here in July and it was so so. I was looking for a fish place in town again, and figured, after reading positive reviews that it had improved. Yikes. Bad decision. \u000a\u000aThe staff seemed put out that anyone was here at all, and were seemingly puzzled by the menu. I watched two bartenders trying to figure out how to make a strawberry daiquiri for 5 minutes, which was admittedly entertaining. \u000a\u000aI ordered the chowder and the crab cakes. The chowder was basically flour stew with potatoes. I'm guessing that there may have been a clam or two in there somewhere, but you couldn't taste it if there was through the flour. \u000a\u000aThe crab cakes were definitely frozen, and not made from blue crab. If you're going to offer Chesapeake crab cakes, they had damn well better be the real deal. Zero flavor and dry as hell. Stringy, Asian crab that was definitely pre-made. Terrible. \u000a\u000aI don't like to rip a spot, but this was a seriously weak restaurant. Don't know why I expected western PA to offer up the goods, but if Chicago can do it well, why not Pittsburgh. Best analogy- the Olive Garden of seafood
p1410
aVNot impressed at all!  The first time we ordered drinks our server forgot our drinks and the second time we had to ask if we could have more drinks.\u000aI ordered, white frutti di mare for 24.49 and I only got 2 scallops and 3 small shrimps.  Our bill was $120. 00\u000aWay to pricey for 2 scallops and pasta.
p1411
aVVery disappointing Easter dinner.  We had eaten here twice last year and the service was impeccable, food delicious, piping hot.  I did not realize that Ruth's Chris had sold to Landry's, the change is not a good one.  We made reservations for five and were seated promptly, drinks were brought.  A very good crab dip and salads were enjoyed by all.  Then the main courses arrived.  First let me say that something occurred because the table seated after us of the same size were served first. Finally four of our five meals were brought.  The hush puppies and fries were cold, the seafood was ok, the coleslaw was warm as if it had all sat under a warming light.  The planked salmon was good but not hot.  Five minutes later the $32 Easter special came out. One tiny lobster tail with some salty stuffing. No discernible seafood in the stuffing.  4 small very dry over cooked shrimp with a blob of salty stuffing, a large blob of cold dry hard mashed redskins.  We were all shocked.  Our waitress, who was actually wonderful felt terrible and knew something had gone wrong when she saw the other table served before us and then us short a plate.  She spoke to her manager several times and asked him to talk to us.  When he finally did he told me he was sorry and that I should have told him sooner so he could fix it???  He was very rude to us.  Offered us a free dessert. I told him he couldn't possibly think I was going to pay for inedible food. He begrudgingly took  the price of 2 of the less expensive entrees off the bill.  I had been looking forward to this holiday meal for weeks.  His poor management skills and rude behavior ruined our holiday.  I will never go back.  Stephen Gray, manager of Mitchells in Homestead, you should be ashamed of how you treated us.  Landry's needs to look into this restaurant if they expect people to keep coming.  Those prices are only acceptable for fantastic food and service.
p1412
aVThere really are not too many seafood options here in Pittsburgh. I have been here 3 times so far, and each time has been very good. This last Friday I walked in, and I was able to be seated immediately without a reservation. It was about 6:30 when we went in, and at about 8pm when we left, it was pretty packed. The seafood has always been good and fresh, and this was the first time in my life that I had swordfish and it was moist and tasty. They have a signature way of steaming their fish (if you ask for it this way) with ginger, sesame seeds and soy sauce over spinach and rice. It is excellent. They have a full bar, with a few good drafts (Guiness and Dogfish 60). Definitely pricey among the Waterfront restaurants, but to me it is worth it.
p1413
aVIt depends on what you order here as this can be a reasonable meal or a splurge. They have some delicious tilapia/trout/salmon entrees with veggie and starch in that sweet spot of $20; however, if you want you could easily go $35+ a plate. The spinach salad with chevre and roasted pecans was awesome. \u000a\u000aWine was surprisingly reasonable and they were food allergy friendly.\u000a\u000aBetter than Red Lobster and not nearly as busy as PF Changs or Bravo!--so you might be able to walk in.\u000a\u000aWould give a 3.5 if I could.
p1414
aVThe food was delicious. Excellent seafood, and plenty of things to choose from on the menu. However, the service we experienced was terrible. We sat at our table for 10-15 minutes before anyone even noticed we were there. Keep in mind, we were here late afternoon/early evening so the place was half empty. Once we ordered my draft beer took 10 minutes to come out, then it was wrong. I kept it anyways or else I'd probably still be sitting there waiting for it. Good food, but I won't be in a hurry to go back.
p1415
aVFirst time in Pittsburgh on biz and staying in the Waterfront District. Nice selection of better than average chain restaurants on the area. Spotted Mitchell's Seafood and since I never heard of ot before, decided to make it my evening dinner choice - in fact, looked forward all day to a nice shellfish dinner ala Bonefish Grill. They have a nice al fresco patio overlooking the River that I wish I say at.  Place was pretty empty at 8 pm on a Monday night, but that's to be expected. I ordered the Seafood Americana which was supposed to have sautéed shrimp and scallops in a light butter sauce. What I got in return was a plate of small shrimp in a brown gravy with NO scallops whatsoever. I immediately returned the dish and the young and nice manager came over to make it right, so I reordered a different steamed shrimp and scallops dish which was much better- 5 larger shrimp and 5 sea scallops over spinach and veggies with a soy sauce on the side - very nice but wish they had drained the ingredients better so they didn't end up on a soupy broth.  Having waited tables in a high end seafood restaurant through graduate school I am tempted to attributing this experience to Monday night, late dinner, inexperienced cooks, and lack of kitchen or server oversight. I hope your experience is better than mine. Too many other good choices nearby to give them a second chance - sorry.  Disappointed.
p1416
aVI am posting my review again as it was not deemed important enough to keep.  Funny within days I was contacted by customer service of Landry's asking for my contact information. I gave it twice and no one bothered to contact me.  Stay far away from this place.  Extremely high priced for below average food.\u000a\u000aWhat a disappointing Easter dinner.  We had eaten here twice last year and the service was impeccable, food delicious, piping hot.  I did not realize that Ruth's Chris had sold to Landry's, the change is not a good one.  We made reservations for five and were seated promptly, drinks were brought.  A very good crab dip and salads were enjoyed by all.  Then the main courses arrived.  First let me say that something occurred because the table seated after us of the same size were served first. Finally four of our five meals were brought.  The hush puppies and fries were cold, the seafood was ok, the coleslaw was warm as if it had all sat under a warming light.  The planked salmon was good but not hot.  Five minutes later the $32 Easter special came out. One tiny lobster tail with some salty stuffing. No discernible seafood in the stuffing.  4 small very dry over cooked shrimp with a blob of salty stuffing, a large blob of cold dry hard mashed redskins.  We were all shocked.  Our waitress, who was actually wonderful felt terrible and knew something had gone wrong when she saw the other table served before us and then us short a plate.  She spoke to her manager several times and asked him to talk to us.  When he finally did he told me he was sorry and that I should have told him sooner so he could fix it???  He was very rude to us.  Offered us a free dessert. I told him he couldn't possibly think I was going to pay for inedible food. He begrudgingly took  the price of 2 of the less expensive entrees off the bill.  I had been looking forward to this holiday meal for weeks.  His poor management skills and rude behavior ruined our holiday.  I will never go back.  manager of Mitchells in Homestead, you should be ashamed of how you treated us.  Landry's needs to look into this restaurant if they expect people to keep coming.  Those prices are only acceptable for fantastic food and service.
p1417
aVI have mixed feelings about this place. I have eaten there twice. I have enjoyed the flavors of their Shanghai option both times. The seafood has been cooked well. The Sharkfin pie is tasty for dessert. However, both times, I had shrimp as part of my entree. Mitchells is a perfect two for two at FORGETTING TO DE-VEIN the shrimp. First time I ate there two of my shrimp were not de-veined. Second time there was one (I only had two). If you order shrimp take a good look at it. The management has been very apologetic and helpful both times. They truly cared.
p1418
aVTraveling with my boss, we had dinner here since it was convenient to the hotel. Food was good as usual but we ended up with a young man who had not been a waiter for very long. Brought us a bottle of Cabernet when we ordered a bottle of Chardonnay.  Told us he had never opened a bottle of wine before. Expected better service at a place like Mitchell's.
p1419
aVi really like this place....nice ambiance.  The food is well seasoned and the seafood is fresh.  The wait staff is particularly good.
p1420
aVI took my daughter here for lunch. She had been wanting to come for a good while. She's graduating high school next week so it seemed like the perfect time. She had the clam chowder and the shrimp scampi. It was great. She wished that the chowder was slightly thinner but enjoyed the alfredo-like flavor. I was not in the mood for seafood so I had the bacon cheeseburger. You can't go wrong with a burger right? Well, let me tell you, that was one of the best burgers that I've had and I frequent restaurants who specialize in them. It had a beautiful char flavor to it. I did not need any condiments. The broccoli I had was wonderful as well and I especially enjoyed the seasoning.\u000a\u000aThe only thing that slightly sullied it for me is that it was too dark. I love atmosphere but I was almost asleep before the food came out.
p1421
aVvery disappointing.  i have been a patron of this restaurant/location since it opened.....usually dining there about once a month.  my last few visits were fine, not great, but fine.  today was not.  the restaurant was about half full, i was with one other person.\u000a     food---  my friend had a ceasar salad:  the staff didn't know where the anchovies were, therefore none.  it was served at room temperature.  chef's special was penne in a light alfredo sauce with crab and shrimp.  it also was served at room temperature.  i had the scallops with stir fried vegetables.  the scallops, too, were at room temperature and only seared on one side, some not at all.  the manager offered to redo the meals, which we accepted.  she shrugged her shoulders and said she didn't know what else she could do.  the scallops were better the 2nd time, penne was watery, crab was all but invisible.  the garnish had cheese on it the first time, not the 2nd.  penne was mediocre at best.\u000a     service--- probably the worst service i've ever had there.  our server seemed overwhelmed, apologized continually to us and every other table she had nearby.  maybe that was part of the reason our meals were not hot the first time.  never did get a refill on iced tea.\u000a     ambiance--- the place is starting to look tired.  the tables are showing their age.... the surface hasn't been kept up, the finish has long since worn off in the most used parts.\u000a\u000asorry to see this place go down hill.  have many memories of better times.  may not ever go back.  looking for a new place in the area.
p1422
aVWill not eat here again.\u000a\u000a1) Waitress (Angela) could not be found for 10+ minutes at a time. The entire meal was a running commentary on where she was and why we didn't even get water refills until dinner came. She had to be specifically asked three times for water before we got our one and only refill.\u000a\u000a2) Spilled mussel butter on my jacket and although she did apologize no manager ever came over to see if we were okay. When I did complain they offered a $25 gift card which didn't even cover the cost of said jacket, thanks but no thanks.\u000a\u000a3) When asked specifically if a dessert was served warm the waitress said "yes, of course" but spoiler alert it wasn't. Party involved said it was fine and asked me not to say something.\u000a\u000a4) When asked if they had a very specific after dessert drink the waitress replied in the affirmative only to substitute Irish coffee instead. If you are out of something just own up to it, don't try to pull one over on someone.\u000a\u000aLong story short - decent if overpriced food, nonexistent management and the worst service I have experienced in a long while. As a server myself I am pretty forgiving but the (non)service ruined a $150 meal and Mitchell's management couldn't care less.
p1423
aVI am never disappointed when visiting this restaurant!! The food and the quality service is second to none!!
p1424
aVAfter a long but beautiful day touring Pittsburgh and riding the Duquesne Incline we settled down for a late dinner at Mitchell's fish market.\u000aWe were seated in a picture perfect spot by the window as requested. Our waiter initially greeted us warmly but the service went south quickly and I trying to wrap my head around - Why?  \u000aWhat was wrong with the service you wondered. Well.....\u000a*We had to wait a long time for our drinks \u000a*appetizers ordered but not received.\u000a* Requested bread several times waiter was oblivious to the request \u000a* Dinner took for ever it felt like a century later\u000a It was good thing we was on vacation so we had time to waste. \u000aWe observed the other waiters and waitress was busy attending to their patrons. \u000aOn the plus side the food was divinely delicious!  Salmon, scallops- Super fresh and melted in my mouth.  My husband's dish ordered the Shrimp and Crab Cakes and he hummed  yum to every bite he ate.  Unfortunately service and excellent service should go hand and hand.  If only the head manager who was consistently walking around to various tables talking to patrons would have stop at our table we could have given him the scoop about our lack of service.  On well.
p1425
aVThe food here is good, but also pretty pricey. You might get more mileage and value spending the same somewhere else. However, this would be nice for a business lunch. The decor and atmosphere is classy, and there is something for everyone on the menu--albeit it is all very seafood focused, of course.\u000a\u000aI've found the wait staff to be professional and personable.\u000a\u000aThis location has outdoor seating that overlooks the river.
p1426
aVMitchell's...what have you done?!  I have been to this location several times and always loved it (just never got around to writing a review).  The patio area is great when the weather is nice and I've historically loved the fish preparations.   This last trip, though, was a pretty steep slide downhill.  \u000a\u000aFirst, I went to the bar and ordered a glass of the house pinot grigio...a generous poor from a bottle that was definitely a couple days past its prime.   You should know better.   \u000a\u000aThen onto the table.  I'm pretty sure the hostess double sat the server who was supposed to take care of me, because she expressed her frustration right in the middle of the patio area.  I waiting a few minutes and then someone else ended up taking care of me.   The service was fine, but I was a little put off by the start.  What really got me though was the menu.  Mitchell's used to have a great menu and I've always been thrilled with my selections.  I don't know what changed, but it was something.  I ordered the crispy ginger salmon with stir fried vegetables.   The portion was ample, but the fish was sort of mushy and the crispy ginger topping wasn't crispy at all.  The veges were half overcooked and half undercooked.  \u000a\u000aIf I didn't include this last visit, I'd have given it 4.5 stars.  This last visit brought it down.   Here's hoping that whatever changed, changes back.
p1427
aVWhat has happened to this place? It use to be the best around; now within the last few months it has gone completely down hill. The quality is completely gone, portions are smaller, prices higher. From what I read it's a company change, but how could this make a place go from wonderful to horrible so quickly? The server even tried pushing a diners club program on us!!! Who would pay for a dining program to this place!?!? That's right, I said pay! The company wants you to pay for a membership! Why should a loyal customer pay to be rewarded for being LOYAL??? Why would anyone even pay for such lousy food? The place is not even kept up anymore. The atmosphere has become dingy and even the dish my $30 + meal came out on felt grimy!!! My silver was even wrapped in torn linens! Where is the management? How can they allow such expensive meals to go out on dirty dishes? Where has my wonderful night out gone? I use to look forward all week to when having a night out here. Now I don't even want to drive past! Even the staff is miserable anymore. Everyone use to be so pleasant and welcoming, and now they seem run down and well, miserable. I've come back now 3 times hoping my experiences were flukes, unfortunately this place is just not what it use to be! I'm sad knowing my favorite restaurant is now gone!Do yourself a favor and don't waste your hard earned money here. You will be nickeled and dimed for everything only to receive nasty frozen sea food on dirty dishes with ratty linens, from miserable workers.
p1428
aVLast night was my first visit to Mitchell's and I was really looking forward to some great seafood.  I am sorry to say I did not get it.  I ordered the crab stuffed shrimp and was disappointed.  There were five very small shrimp on the plate.  The shrimp were dry and overcooked.  The crab stuffing was mostly stuffing.  All I tasted was breading.  I didn't see a piece of lump crab anywhere.  The best part of the meal was the bread and butter.  I was with a party of 12 people and I was surprised to see such small portions on the others plates.  For the prices at this place, I had hoped for so much more.  I will not go back.
p1429
aVI have tried time and time again, to get myself to like this place and every time it's more disappointing than the last time. \u000a\u000aI had a take out order today, and when I called to place the order, I could tell that instantaneously, the bartender taking my order was not going to be a pleasure. Well that was an understatement. \u000a\u000aWhen I arrived to pick up my order, there was class A attitude from the minute I walked in with the bartender. Then I had a total of 5 bags and 2 fountain drinks (which she said she had absolutely nothing to put them in for me), and I asked her if she could help me carry the bags to my car.  Her reply "no. I have tables I need to take care of." \u000a\u000aI don't expect over-the-top service at this restaurant, but I do expect a smile, a nice and pleasant attitude, along with a little helpfulness. If you aren't having a good day, don't take it out on customers.
p1430
aVThey we're so accommodating for my daughter that doesn't like seafood. The food and service was very good.
p1431
aVI love eating in the beautiful river setting (though it is right by where the bloody Homestead Steel Strike took place in 1892).  I would have given this place a higher rating based on past visits.  But my most recent experience was not quite as good.  The waitress spoke too fast, and gave me misinformation about what sides came with the plank of fish.  She did offer to fix the mistake, but I let it go and traded sides with another person who was with me. I think broiled is better than the plank.  I still will eat at Mitchell's at least once each time I visit Pittsburgh.  The food is healthy, and I enjoy being there.
p1432
aVI want to like this place more than I do. Its definitely at least decent. It's a family style seafood restaurant that has a bit of class to it. Pretty nice visually, and service is good as well, especially at the front desk. I've taken a couple of people there for birthdays and they do a nice job with that without being obnoxious with the ceremony. If you make a birthday reservation you can actually get "Happy Birthday Bob!" or whatever printed on your menus for the evening. Nice touch. \u000a\u000aFood is just solid, that's why I don't give them more stars. I've had a few things here and there's nothing special about their flavors, although their presentations are nice. I've been a couple of times and haven't had anything I'd be excited about. Basically a safe, family style, classier mid-scale seafood choice.
p1433
aVAfter doing some chores at The Waterfront, we were hungry and decided to try Mitchell's for dinner. We were seated at a comfortable red booth. The clam chowder was perfect; definitely get it. The mussels were delicious--not as firm as mussels usually are (but in a good way) and bigger than normal. The spicy crispy shrimp surprised me; I didn't think it would be good, but it was. Boyfriend said his lobster bisque was "funky" and I agreed that it tasted weird, but it was still edible. \u000a\u000aThe calamari, however, was unseasoned. Maybe they forgot to season it that night? I feel like the way it was served to us is not the way they usually serve it. Also, I was disappointed with the small portion of the calamari. For $12, we should be getting way more than we did. \u000a\u000aOur server was attentive and noticed that we liked a lot of their appetizers, so she informed us about their happy hour (Monday through Friday 4:30-6:30pm) where their appetizers are at most $7 each! Tempting, especially after our pleasant dinner experience.\u000a\u000aTaste | 4\u000aAtmosphere | 4\u000aPresentation | 3.5\u000aService | 4\u000aOVERALL | 4
p1434
aVThis is a really hard review for me to write, simply because I cannot for the life of me find the words to explain the food. Lackluster, no, not really...Mediocre...no....Pedestrian/average/common...huh uh. Just 'eh.' It wasn't awful, terrible or even bad, and it wasn't great, good or even fine. It was just....edible, I guess.  \u000aWe started with shrimp dumplings from the happy hour menu and the BF got seafood gumbo. I thought the gumbo was decent; he said 'eh', however we both agreed the dumplings were 'eh'. \u000aI got something called the market trio, which came with creole style rice, corn, a crab cake, a hunk of salmon and 5 shrimp. It wasn't terrible, inedible food, it was just....not good. And for $28 I wish I would have just gotten a bowl of the gumbo. The only thing that seemed to have any flavor was the rice. The BF got a crab and lobster stuffed cod, which again, was not bad just not good. It had a lemony-buttery sauce, that didn't taste quite lemony or buttery somehow. \u000aI know this is a stupid thing to gripe about, but I hatehatehate when restaurants charge necessarily high prices for pop. Soda, cola, pop, call it what you want, but it should never be more than $2.50. I usually just drink water with lemon, but I had a headache, so I ordered a coke. $325!! And having a BF who works for a restaurant, I know that pop costs them pennies! I see $2-2.50; some people drink glass after glass of the stuff, but $3.25 is simply ridiculous. Especially when the food kinda sucks. And I read other reviews and the decor is not classy. It's like it's trying to be classy, but real classy restaurants know its' not classy. It was a little like an over-priced, under-flavored Red Lobster without the kickass cheese biscuits. But when your food sucks at Red Lobster, you can always fill up on the delicious biscuits.
p1435
aVSo I've never been here before, I came with a friend and her aunt. The place is decorated really well, a little dim though. Even the bathroom is really really dim. Like I get the atmosphere you're trying to go for but I want to be able to see.\u000aI got the seafood stew and it was so good. The scallops were perfectly cooked and the flavor of the broth was fantastic. My shrimp were over cooked though, thus the four star review. They got everything right but that one thing kinda tainted it.\u000aI had the banana bread pudding for dessert and that was also very good. I've had a lot of bread pudding and this was one of the best. It was light but also dense and the flavor of the banana came through very clearly.\u000aOverall I had a very good experience! It would have been very great if it weren't for the over cooked shrimp. I'd definitely go back, but it is pretty pricey.
p1436
aVThis place is fantastic! If you are a frequent traveler and looking for FRESHLY made food this is the place!! It's a quick walk from the hotels next door.  Highly recommend!
p1437
aVMitchells is a great place to get fresh seafood vs some of those national chain places. I have been there 6 times and never had a bad meal. It is a little more expensive but worth it. Chillean sea bass was $35 which is in line with other places that have it. Talapia is about $27. The atmosphere reminds me of some of the seafood places at the ocean.
p1438
aVAte here last night...fantastic food & service!! From apps to dinner to dessert everything was top notch! The only place comparable was an old seaside joint I used to frequent down near Delaware...that says something!! The crab/spinach dip was different than mine but still very good...I had the Mitchell's market side trio and cleaned the plate...she had some Asian inspired girlie thing and it too was very good!! We shared some dessert thing with banana bread pudding, a brownie creation & an ice cream thing...fabulous!! It's good we shopped 1st otherwise I would've been miserable waddling around after this great food!!
p1439
aVI was there yesterday and ate in one of the booths at the bar. I have been there many times but last night was very disappointing the server was bad. I have been a sever for 34 years and still do so for me to complain since I'm in the business must mean something. Granted I understand your busy but so unfriendly and unattrntive . We never got bread and when asked he threw it in table and kept walking never once stopped for one second even check on us or even introduce himself. When I would go to ask a question or for something he was gone before I even got to finish. It was very upsetting to go out with my 82 year old mother and be treated so poorly.  Last time I'll ever sit in bad booths if that's the way the service is there.
p1440
aVQuality food is low my shrimp and scallops were bland  and overcoat it came out about 10 minutes after the first dinner was served I think it was just  left under the heat lamps.  My wife's dish came out completely wrong Manager did not charge us for those two meals but it still seem very expensive.
p1441
aVWe had reservations for a group of 6, everything went along as it should have, we were seated quickly and had service quickly. Staff was friendly, and somwwhat attentive. We all ordered drinks, the 1st round came quickly the 2nd took quite awhile and that was enough for me to stop buying $10 a glass drinks. With everyone odering dinners we had quite an assortment. We all concluded that though the food was good, they were served luke warm at best. Portions we also very small. Bottom line is that it wasn't bad for an average restaurant but for what you are going to pay it is NOT worth it at all. I was so disappointed. We will never be back. The 3rd star is only for how tasty the smashed potatoes where, and that was the best highlight.
p1442
aVSince Mitchell's went corporate, it has gone downhill from the quality and service customers used to receive. This place has been hit or miss the last few times. This time it started off as a miss but finished with a homerun.\u000a\u000aWe had dinner reservations for 3 at 6:45PM. Upon entering the restaurant was extremely busy, with a good bit of people in the waiting area. We arrived at 6:25 and immediately checked in. 6:30 came, same amount of people still in waiting area. 6:45, the 6:30 reservations were still waiting to be seated. We spoke to hostess at 6:55 and promised us we were 2nd in line. 3 tables were seated before us. The hostess looked flustered, confused, and not interested in helping to rectify situation. At 7:05 we were finally sat.\u000a\u000aOur server was excellent. Came by often to refill waters and take new drink orders. Helped us with our menu questions and gave suggestions. Our appetizer came out quickly with enough of a gap between our entrees which is always a plus! I got the Shanghai Chilean SeaBass. Cooked perfectly!! \u000a\u000aThe initial experience was setting the stage for an irritating evening but once we were sat the service from our waitress and quality of food quickly made up for the early mishap.
p1443
aVThis place in good. I've bee here a few times and I've enjoyed each visit. The Location is easy to get to, the decor is nice and clean. The food is excellent and the service is very good. I would say it's slightly expensive in most people's opinion though. I would absolutely recommend this place and plan to come back myself sometime.
p1444
aVMitchell's is one of those restaurants that I never find to be disappointing but never have a pressing need to come back. Meals are hit or miss, albeit reasonably priced. Waitstaff is typically pretty good. But they just don't have the wow factor.\u000a\u000aIt's seafood that's better than Red Lobster, but it doesn't have much character. Like most seafood establishments in Pittsburgh, they do have a good Happy Hour but I'm never in the area that time of day.\u000a\u000aThe cod with lobster Oscar topping is a prime example. The bernaise sauce is not very good, and neither is the potato hash, but he fish itself is cooked well. Decent appetizers and a good wedge salad, so at a future visit I might stick to finger food.
p1445
aVI gave two stars only because we didn't actually eat any of the food. This is simply a customer service review. I'd like to give them the benefit of the doubt, the food is probably excellent. Sadly, the hostess was so incredibly rude and uninviting, the mood was ruined before we even met the server. \u000a\u000aUpon our arrival (party of 2), I asked to see a menu. 20 minutes later we had still not been acknowledged. 4 other groups came came and we're seated as we stood there, looking toward the hostesses expectantly. After quite some time the hostess stared at me, I suppose waiting for me to greet myself. No 'Hello' no 'may I help you?' Finally a curt 'have you been helped?' to which we responded 'no'. The hostess brusquely grabbed two menus, didn't ask whether we were expecting more people, didn't ask whether we wanted a booth or a table (every other patron was offered their preference) and stated FOLLOW ME. She literally threw our menus down on a booth passing by, didn't stop to await us take our seats, didn't introduce or even mention our server or anything. Simply threw our menus down on the table and left, not a word spoken. We didn't remain there long enough to meet our server, which is unfortunate because I was really hoping to have a nice meal there. I will not return.
p1446
aVWe went to Mitchell's last weekend to celebrate my BFF's birthday.  She has been to Mitchells several times and speaks highly about it.  I have been there before but is has been several years and really didn't recall much.  But like my friend I love seafood so there was no objections there.\u000a\u000aThe menu isn't too big, which is good, and they allow you to choose sides vs giving you what they deem you should have with your meal.  Our waitress was very nice. We arrived a little after my friend, but waited about 15 minutes for her other friend and date to show.  Once settled in we all placed our orders.\u000a\u000aI decided on a yellowfin tuna, prepared medium rare, and for the sides I requested a double order of asparagus.  We didn't wait too long for our 6 meals to arrive.  However, 3 out of 6 of those contained mistakes.  My BFF asked for coleslaw.  Not there.  Easy fix they brought it out.  My husband wanted fries, he got potatoes.  Ok so now he gets both for same price, so I guess another easy fix.  And then there was me.  They just straight up brought me someone else's food.  The waitress quickly grabbed it up after I said to the guy this isn't what I ordered.  There was rice on the plate, and I don't know what fish since it only sat in front of me for a few seconds before being snatched away.  I only waited a few minutes and she brought me my correct meal.\u000a\u000aThe yellowfin looked amazing.  Nice thick portion, and once I cut into it, it was beautifully cooked and seasoned well.  However, my "double" order of asparagus was FIVE spears.  Before the waitress left after bringing the correct order I said something to her about it.  That to which she said, "That is a double".  Hmmm.  So a single order is 2 and  1/2 pieces of asparagus right?  That's bunk.  My fellow diners felt sorry for me and offered up some of their veggies, very sweet of them.  Weird thing was, my friend's other friends date ordered asparagus as one of his sides and got 4 pieces.  So was it just me or maybe they need some help executing in the kitchen and in service.  Not to mention the meal was $32.00, and I just bought a bundle of asparagus for 1.88 at the Giant Eagle!  \u000a\u000aSo other than the mix-ups and the asparagus situation of 2016, I really enjoyed my meal and time at Mitchells.  The fish was as noted very tasty, but the price is reflective of a special occasion dinner option.
p1447
aVI was here to celebrate Valentine's Day. Yes, some of their dishes are a little bit pricier, BUT it is great for special occasions and well worth it in that regard. The fish was super fresh (don't worry, they have steak options!). I also had to try the lobster mac & cheese-- no complaints from me!\u000aGreat restaurant for seafood and special occasions
p1448
aVMitchell's was surprisingly good.  Everything I tasted was good or better, and there were plenty of options.  Everything I drank was good or better, and there are options for everyone.  The atmosphere was great (especially sitting outside on one of the rare nice days), which definitely enhanced the experience (though don't count on that part being reliable in Pittsburgh...).  My dings against the place are mostly minor (e.g., tiny hiccups in service), but for one: it's a bit pricey for the category in which I'd place it, though it's still a great option in that category.
p1449
aVWe were really looking forward to the acclaimed restaurant scene in our hometown of Pittsburgh, after having retired to Arizona 6 years ago.  We had remembered Mitchell's Fish Market as excellent for seafood, as well as (surprisingly) steak. Wow, were we disappointed!!!!!  The near-empty parking lot at 8:00 PM on a Friday was the first clue. The misunderstandings about the reservation and being treated accusingly by the front greeters who were arguing with each other was the second clue.  The lack of availability of the first 3 choices we made from the menu was the third clue.  The shoe really dropped when the food came.  Both my blackened cod, the steamed vegetables with it and the side of asparagus in hollandaise were ALL cold, dry and hard.  The cod portion was tiny.  MY partner's fillet of beef ordered "medium rare to medium well with some pink" was black on the outside, dry, cold and very well done.  Others in our party of six had similar experiences with just plain tough batter-dipped and greasy fried fish for one and cold, dry, small portion of "fresh" fish for another.  We were told that this place had changed management in the past 5 years.  In light of its poor quality of food at upscale prices, Mitchell's Fish Market deserves to fail and close.
p1450
aVGreat food The staff is super nice... Nice to meet up for a quick dinner/meetings with coworkers .. Great for happy hour Nice mature laid-back crowd... And date night is a must here... \u000aSo check this place out my yelpers
p1451
aVAwful,\u000a\u000aGave it 2 stars cause the wait staff was nice.   Was there on a Saturday night.  It was warm in there (too uncomfortable to enjoy a meal) and was told by management that air conditioning unit was broken.  Can't you afford to pay extra on a weekend to have someone repair or replace the unit?  Not even a ceiling fan in sight.  \u000a\u000aSame old menu with few options.  Ordered the tuna medium and came out rare.  They redid it but this time was way overcooked.  Ate it anyway.  Are the chefs so inexperienced that they can't tell when something is rare, medium, or well done?  \u000a\u000aAnyway, haven't been there in years until now and I remember why I avoided this place.
p1452
aVWe enjoyed this place on our first visit. Today we made the mistake showing up on a late Sunday afternoon. Nobody at all in the front. A few uninterested waiters wandering in back. We finally sat at the bar only to have the bartender disappear for 15 minutes. We finally just walked out to go elsewhere. Bottom line: if you're not read for customers then just close the place until dinner service begins.
p1453
aVI love old navy clothing, it's vintage styling with good prices. Great jeans too, I love the painter's jeans.
p1454
aVI hadn't been shopping at Old Navy for at least a year or two. Recently, a friend of mine told me that she loved their new Fall/Holiday collection, so I popped by based on her recommendation. I absolutely love their winter outerwear! They have a lot of beautiful coats this year for amazing prices, and I just had to pick up two (only $70 for both with their current sale).\u000a\u000aOutside of their current product, I was impressed by the size of the store, which seems a bit larger than average. Though it is a lot of square footage to cover, I was not impressed by their sales floor customer service. Yes, it's Old Navy, but I shopped in this store three times over the past week and did not have anyone come up to me while wandering around the outerwear. However, the woman that assisted me in the fitting room had a great attitude, and I really enjoyed interacting with her.\u000a\u000aOverall, a four star Old Navy experience... If they could work on their customer service skills on the sales floor, I'd give them a five!
p1455
aVVery bad purchase experience. I bought a shirt with a hole covered in the rolled up sleeves, but they denied my request to return it. I am so angery at this and will never shop their chothes anymore.
p1456
aVAfter further consideration, this store does not deserve a 4 star review. The Old Navy product has been pretty weak recently, which isn't the store's fault, but the severe lack of customer service doesn't help the situation. \u000a\u000aWhile shopping here on Friday, I was one of maybe 3-5 people in the store. I would practically walk into a sales associate but not even receive a glance or smile. No one working here seems to give an iota whether or not product is being sold. To avoid inconveniencing the associates, I will be taking my Old Navy purchases online in the future.
p1457
aVIt's just like Old Navy anywhere - well maybe not the one in San Francisco, which is always packed - it ws pre Thanksgiving, so quiet before the storm on Black Friday.  \u000a\u000aI picked up my one and only bargain of the weekend - a $2.45 pair of flip flops (it was preparing to snow outside).
p1458
aVThis store is laid out better than any other Old Navy I've been to before.  It was so easy to quickly find everything we were looking for.  The staff was also very friendly.\u000aIf only all Old Navy stores were like this one...
p1459
aVI have visited this Old Navy location four or five times over the past year and have never had an issue. In fact, a friend and I visited the store around Christmastime and the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. \u000a\u000aHowever, this was the not my experience yesterday. I drug my husband along, so I could look for new jeans and maybe find some sweaters / winter clothes on sale. \u000a\u000aThere were signs up exclusively for Old Navy credit card users, which I am not. However, the 'sale' of buy two, get one free on thermals ended on January 7th (two days prior). Then, there was regular sign that simply stated 'buy two, get one free'. I was confused as to whether this applied to everyone, or just O. N. card users. So, I find an employee (the only one on the floor...) and she says that the sale applies to everyone, that the one for credit card holders is 'old'. Well, take it down, right?!\u000a\u000aAt checkout, there are cashiers, both waiting on one customer, no one else in line. The male cashier does not have his light on, so I opt for the other lane. There is a cashier, a woman, and what appears to be a manager, a younger woman. There is some issue regarding the patron's purchase. From what I can figure she opened up an O. N. card and was supposed to get a discount, but it didn't come off her total. \u000a\u000aMy husband and I stood in line for several minutes. No one even looked at us...not even to say 'sorry, be right with you'...something. No acknowledgement whatsoever. Me, already being cursed with an impatient personality, gather my items and move to the other register after about five minutes. I ask the male cashier if he can ring me up. He says that he can, when he's done with the current customer. (duh...) I say, 'great, thanks, I wasn't sure since you're light isn't on.' To which he just shrugs. Ummm....\u000a\u000aNeedless to say, not the best of experiences this time. Just hoping that maybe some college kids called off or something and that they were understaffed. Will return, but not for the customer service....
p1460
aVOld Navy is one of my favorite stores at The Waterfront. Sales occur frequently and I'm a big fan of their active wear.  Prices are very reasonable. Staff is helpful.
p1461
aVI'm not too impressed with this particular Dick's Sporting Goods. It is in a great location in the Waterfront, but the selection seems a bit limited to me. They have what you need, but they don't have many options it seems.\u000a\u000aI went in there the other day and it looks like they also have a snowboarding section now, which they definitely did not have last season. They also have hunting, golfing and biking, in addition to the other regular deptartments. \u000a\u000aYour normal Dick's. Nothing spectacular, but it will do.
p1462
aVI don't see to many options in Pittsburgh for sporting goods. Dick's seems to be the big chain for sporting paraphernalia in this neck of the woods. Their selection is poor especially in the snowboarding and biking section. Maybe it's good for small children who want their first snowboard? It is a very average store with average products. I would like to see some attempt to carry more high end products. I am not into fishing or hunting live prey so I am not sure about these departments? I guess if you want some Under Armor products then this is the place to go because I see aisles upon endless aisles of these types of products.
p1463
aVMonopoly complete...I finally understand why (and how) Dick's Sporting Goods can charge the prices they do -- there is no competition.  Come on people, I need these warming items to keep from turning into a Sal-cicle and I am paying a lot of money to accomplish this.  The only saving grace is that the people are nice and the selection is there.  Can we get some lower prices?
p1464
aVI enter every sporting goods stores as a soccer player, runner, and sports fan, so my reviews will always be skewed towards those particular areas. With that said, this is probably the worst Dick's location that I've ever been to. The selection is very limited for soccer gear, which must be a testament to the lack of the local customer base seeking out soccer gear. It's mostly low-end youth gear, too, which makes it nearly useless to adults or even some teenage soccer players.\u000a\u000aThe staff at this location has always been really nice, though, and it's the closest location to where we live, so I still end up going there quite a bit for running and clothing needs (of course, we usually leave empty-handed as they don't have what we're looking for). \u000a\u000aThey do have quite an extensive fan gear section if you're looking to support the local Pittsburgh teams, but this store just doesn't have the overall inventory necessary to be considered a "good" Dick's location.
p1465
aVThis is an older Dick's Sporting Goods location. Come here for the basics but don't expect to find the huge assortment that you would find at other DSGs throughout the city. I wandered around here for 15 minutes or so one evening and did not have anyone approach me, asking if I needed assistance. I also found a small child in the back of the store playing dangerously on one of the elliptical machines, which is something that both his parents and the store's staff should have addressed. Overall, I'll go here if I need sporting goods basics but would rather drive a little further to a nicer location.
p1466
aVI have frequented this store for years.  Steelers and pirates jerseys.  Under armor and workout clothes.  Prices can be a little high but quality is very good.  Have also purchased running paraphernalia, weights etc. They also have a varied assortment of camping equipment, hunter's gear and camo.   Convenient waterfront location.
p1467
aVWhat kind of shitty store advertises winter gear, makes you drive all the way out there to not have any winter pants available the first week of February?  These a holes.  Glad they have plenty of shorts to buy when its 17 degrees outside.
p1468
aVI was unimpressed with this location...not to mention Dick's Sporting Goods in general. Needless to say, I wouldn't have been here if it was not for my husband's need for some new hunting gear. I decided to take a look around at the women's "sale racks"...however, I felt that the prices were still pretty high. Example: $45 for a Penguins hoodie is not a sale. In Dick's defense, I'm super cheap. \u000a\u000aI found a table full of running shoes (note: I don't run) and one pair in particular that were very  cute but were still pricey. So I was pretty bummed because I would have bought them if they were, say, thirty bucks cheaper. Not to run, of course, but still nice for riding the elliptical, walking at the park, going to yoga class, or - hey - running....errands.\u000a\u000aAnyhow, I headed back to find the H in the fishing / hunting area. We looked around for about 5 minutes and the guy behind the counter never asked if we needed help. Also, there were a few employees running about, and none of them ever said hello or asked if we needed assistance. Not surprisingly, we left without purchasing anything.
p1469
aVIt is now a shop and save.
p1470
aVThis store has changed hands many times over the past few years and it shows. Fifteen years ago if you didn't get there by 9am you would have fight a crowd. Now it never seems all that busy. Many of the store's best and dedicated employees left or were let go (about five years ago) and product lines change with each new owner. The most recent owner seems to be improving the store and employee turnover has seemed to slow.
p1471
aVStaff in the deli is hit or miss, you either get the girl who is nice and friendly or the one that hacks and coughs and roll their eyes at you when you order more than one item.   The cashiers talk to one another and don't really pay attention to you and sometimes you have to watch them as they will ring up an item twice, have had that happen many times.   Some sale prices are pretty good - deli prices are a bit high - ready made food prices a bit high for the quality you get.     Convenient bank hours though til 7 pm.  Also very good at keeping their sale items well stocked.
p1472
aVFor any locals, I'm from the San Francisco Bay Area, so my views reflect my expectations there. I wasn't entirely sure what to expect on my first visit to "Gian' iggle", but there weren't too many surprises. It's pretty similar to Safeway or Lucky's. That is, a huge amount of processed food, and a passable produce section. \u000a\u000aThe produce was similar to what you'd see in California this time of year, maybe a touch more limited. Also, it was holiday season, so all the junk that's associated with that too. \u000a\u000aThe obvious differences were no alcohol section at all -  you can wander down the strip mall to the "Beer" store and buy mostly only in 24 packs. Apparently some of the Giant Eagles sell six packs, but not this one.  Also for people from out of state, check out the pierogi section, and the chipped ham, and other Pittsburgh oddities. \u000a\u000aFor a vegan, this is easy enough - lots of produce, and all the things you'd find in any other large chain.
p1473
aVI was at my friends house who lives in the area. We stopped here for a few things. It was a well kept giant eagle which seemed bright & clean in my opinion, compared to city options (north side, south side.) the produce had great selection and I didn't see them out of things we needed. We did self checkout so can't comment on the employees.
p1474
aVThe store overall is the same to most other basic giant eagles. Fine enough selection fair prices and they carry schneiders tea. I gave this two stars because time and again I go here after work to grab something quick to make at home. I had the unpleasant experience of having Janice as the worker at the deli counter. Not only did she not look like she did not want to be there but the only words that came out of her mouth was. Anything else? No hi, no thank you, no have a nice day. I even initiated the conversation and closed it by saying most of those. Im a big customer service person and it honestly disgusts me that someone who is older than myself can treat customers so badly. There was a another girl in the deli who was nice as can be and the cashier was very nice. I have come here often but this was my last time, i will be giving my business to another giant eagle or aldis closer to home.  The multiple rude employee experiences i have had here far outweighs the good ones.
p1475
aVA group of us traveld here to go kenneywood park across the road but we decided not to after what we drove throuhg to get there so we atleast decided to get somthing to eat and man where we happey to get out alive. We where the only normal people in this place. The kids next to us who where only 14 where bragging and saying that they went to jail 2 times in their life. You had people selling their food outsdie the resturant. after seeing that we quickly left and hid in our cars with the doors locked. While we where in there my friend got hit on by 2 girls and they gave him there numbers while the other young guy across the table yeld dont do it dont do it. Must I say more? bottom line is dont go if you are normal and get the hell out of that area cause if you call a shank a happey meal toy then that is the resturant for you.
p1476
aVYou know it's bad when a McDonald's gets a 1 star review...I mean, seriously: none of us expect anything fancy when we go to a McDonald's. The whole point of going to McDonald's is indulging in some not-good-for-you food on the go in your busy life. In my case, I just wanted a small meal/snack that wouldn't cost me as much as the stuff in Kennywood would. I hadn't even eaten at a McDonald's in about eight years or so. And I quickly remembered why!\u000a\u000aForget the fact that McDonald's food isn't great. We all know it's not great. The problem here is that they added insult to injury by giving you the worst customer service ever in addition to not so good food. For starters, I quickly discovered that the drive-thru here is the ABSOLUTE slowest line on planet Earth. You certainly won't be getting any fast food here! Then, once I FINALLY placed my order, and finally got to the window to pay (because of course I spent a lot of time waiting for the people in front of me to even get their orders), a young woman took my card, swiped it...and didn't say another word. I waited thinking she was printing a receipt - nope! Eventually - after whipping out her phone and sending a text or two - she realized I was still there and told me to go to the next window for my food. Whatever, I figured, forget the receipt; by then I was pretty sure she had moved on to other orders and couldn't print my receipt anyway. On to the next window, where I was given my food and drink...and I proceeded to quickly discover they gave me no straw and for some reason, layered my Big Mac as such: bread, bread, patty, patty, bread. ...seriously, how does one even mess that up? I give one brownie point because the fries really were actually pretty good...but they were not worth the wait or trouble.\u000a\u000aI concur with the other reviewers: skip this place. Completely. Just keep driving. Anywhere else is better and less of a waste of your time and money, and the people here are so slow that you'll spend more time waiting for your food then you will eating it.
p1477
aVBy far the absolute worst Mcdonalds in the\u000aWorld. You can pretty much rest assured that, after your long wait in the drive thru, your order will most definitely be wrong.  Calls to the owner go ignored. Rice Enterprises own a majority of the McDonalds in the South Hills.  They have all gone down hill in quality, service and cleanliness.  The owner has to be the problem.
p1478
aVHit or miss. Was there today and everything was good. They even checked what happy meal toys they had for my daughter. Went a few tines before and sometimes it was decent sometimes they had order wrong. When order was wrong they fixed it quickly however and most of the staff is helpful. Will go here rather than waterfront location anyday. Also very nice sitting area.
p1479
aVWorst McDonald's ever. Waited 16 min in drive thru- finally drove through without even ordering! Horrific.
p1480
aVUnderated and ignored!  if you see this ol time pizzaria near Kennywood stop on by good crust nice and buttery in the sicilian style!  Better then DiSallas  the only thing I can say that is better then Latinas is Mineo's !  they say the best pizzarias are the little holes in the wall type places and this is one of those enviroments!  Small and cozy very nice and relaxing afternoon!  To just enjoy with yourself and a friend!
p1481
aVI have to admit, the first time I hate here, I absolutely hated the pizza. And I think it was because I was expecting something completely different than I got. Latina Pizza is very different from most pizza shops. Instead if a round thin crust pizza, this pizza is square, thick, and doughy. The crust is not really that good, but that is not why you get a pizza here. It's the homemade sauce. And that it is a family owned place that is  really pretty inexpensive. \u000a\u000aThe other nice thing about this shop is that it is right next to Kennywood. So usually around dinnertime we leave the park and walk over here to order some pizzas and drinks. No lines, no waiting for tables, no outrageous prices. It's a time to recharge, and sometimes we feel like going back to the park,  other times we decide to go home.
p1482
aVGood pizza at a great price. The unique crust that's both crispy and airy is probably not for everybody, but our whole group liked it. The sauce is good too, light but with a good tomato flavor. \u000a\u000aThe best thing about this place is the management. They went out of their way for our group of seven and the food was out fast. And the prices: we fed everybody in under $40, with plenty of leftovers taken home.
p1483
aVExcellent family owned pizza spot. The owners are so nice and always accommodating. The food is great and always what we expect. My daughter loves that they have tv in the dining area. The outside patio is decorated very well and its nice to sit outside for a few after you fill up on pizza. Great staff great food would recommend to anyone!
p1484
aVI have eaten here my whole life. Great people and great food. I highly recommend their Italian hoagies. It's the only place I will eat one from.  All the food is delicious though.
p1485
aVThis is the best bike store I've walked into.  Their primary focus is on racing bikes, but (as I'm not a racer) the service stays top notch in much lower price ranges.\u000a\u000aGot greeted by the staff, and my girlfriend and I got the luxury of absolutely no pressure as we walked around and looked at bikes.  She explained what she was looking for, and the staff explained what they had and what price range she was looking at.  I wound up talking to another person working there, and let them try to find a bike that fit.  (I'm 6'8", and as I found out, fit pretty well on an XXL Scott 65cm frame.)\u000a\u000aAnyways, back to my girlfriend's experience.  What impressed me was after they had a bike they thought was a winner, they let her go on a test ride around the neighborhood there.  And then when she came back in two minutes, told her that wasn't ideal, and sent her back out, with instructions to take the second left and try it on a hill.  After she figured out yes, that was the bike, the guy spent at least half an hour fitting the bike to her; he wound up switching out the stem, adding a seat with a little more travel, and getting everything just so.  There was no hurry.  There was no pressure.\u000a\u000aThe amount of interest that the staff showed in getting each person the just-so fit gets five stars; if you want a bike that fits, it's worth it to browse here.\u000a\u000aAnd, update: I went out the other day, and asked for a price on a bike costing about 25% of the bike I tooled around on there two weeks ago.  Without batting an eye, and without a hint of bike snobbery, the owner ran off to figure out what it'd cost me.  I talked to him about the differences between a double and triple, and he spent twenty minutes explaining the pros and cons, and gave a strong suggestion on the double.  \u000a\u000aThat said, the price he quoted me was also 10% under the price quoted by another shop on the same exact bike.  I asked for the price of an upgrade to a single part on the new bike, and he quoted me about half the price I expected from doing research on the internet.  \u000a\u000aCustomer-friendly, well priced, super-high-quality bicycles.  A+++.\u000a\u000a\u000aEdit, 4 years later: \u000a\u000aGlen, Beth, and the rest of the crew here are still there, and still awesome.  My girlfriend is now my wife.  My lowend Trek road bike now has more miles on it.  :-)\u000a\u000aIt's still a much longer drive to get to Big Bang, but for any work on my bike, I'm glad to make the drive.  Friends have terrific luck with Pittsburgh Pro, which is nearer,  and I'll occasionally stop there on a ride; that said, for drop-off-the-bike work, Big Bang is my absolute go-to.
p1486
aVThis is the best experience I've had at a bike store in the Pittsburgh area.  I have been shopping around for a couple months for a new road bike (which was going to be my first road bike ever, meaning that I'm fairly clueless about how to pick one out).  Also, since I'm a student, I don't have particularly deep pockets.\u000a\u000aAt Big Bang, I was greeted basically the moment I walked in the door.  I'm kind of shy when I know that I don't really know what I'm doing, but I wasn't pressured or harassed in any way by the staff.  Even though my price range was pretty low, they still tried their hardest to find a bike that suited my needs, and they found a bike that fitted me perfectly (and gave me an *excellent* deal on the price).  They take a lot of care to make sure you're properly fitted to the bike.\u000a\u000aAlso, this is one of the few bike stores I've been to where test riding is gleefully encouraged, rather than grudgingly allowed.  Definitely it's the only bike store where they'll tell you "You haven't tried it out enough, go climb up the hill on  it!" -- they definitely put the emphasis on matching rider with bike, rather than making a quick sale.\u000a\u000aI would definitely recommend this place to anyone who's looking for a road bike, whether they're a seasoned racer or a neophyte rider like me.
p1487
aVI've had mixed results here. I would definitely recommend if buying a new bike, but have had much less success with items/parts I've ordered or with repairs.
p1488
aVWhen I think BBB... I think the days of simply bringing your bike in for a quick and relatively inexpensive tune-up and a few fixes are long gone.    \u000a\u000aThis review is more for the repair end of BBB. In their defense BBB does appear to carry some amazing brands of bike (ie Colnago) that you just don't find anywhere else in Pittsburgh. \u000a\u000aAt BBB I was charged $250 for a tune up and a few other things. Granted this included installing a sew up tire (which I can understand would cost approx $50), Swapping out a left side (big ring) shifter on my down tube (this should have cost approx. $20 at most) and installing new bar tape (cost of tape $20 and $20 to install?).. SO WHAT"S WITH $140 FOR A TUNE UP? Well the story goes like this:\u000a\u000aI bring the bike into BBB prior to the nice weather hitting Pittsburgh in hopes of trying what people have said is a great bike shop and getting my OCLV TREK 5900 ready for the season. Turns out I don't hear from these guys. A week goes by ...two weeks...I think that's ok I have two or three other bike I can turn to for a ride. Then I wind up going out of town for a week thinking for sure I'll get a call from them re: my bike is ready to roll...but no dice. So I call. Turns out a screw snapped when the mechanic was re-installing the down tube shifter and it had to be tapped out (is that my fault?). He says "Should be ready in a few days". So I come in a few days later to this mammoth bill. I ask if I am paying for the labor of taping out the screw? I don't think I ever got a straight answer? I look at the bill and can't see a good breakdown of the charges. Normally I would "duke it over" a bill like this but I figured...I had somewhere I to be 10 minutes ago and at least I finally have my bike. I would expect that for that money my bike could have been stripped down to the frame and totally gone over (overhauled). But it wasn't.  Well BBB I'll give you a star because the mechanic did do a good job in that my cycle shifts well and the tape job on the bars looks great (nice wrap). Plus I'll toss in a star for your outstanding selection of high end cycles. Maybe I would have rated BBB higher if I was in the market for a purchase instead of a simple repair?
p1489
aVI wrote this review right after I had bought my bike.  I would like to update to reflect further experiences I've had with BBB.\u000a\u000aSo, first of all, one of the shifters on my bike turned out to be defective (not super-unusual for the Shimano short-reach shifters, also totally not the shop's fault -- these things happen).  Since it was covered under warranty, BBB switched it out for a new set of shifters, at no cost to me.  I had my bike back in a couple days, no muss no fuss.\u000a\u000aMy husband got a used road bike from Craigslist, and we brought it in for a tuneup.  The bike had several things wrong with it, due to a shoddy assembly job, and BBB basically took the entire bike apart and rebuilt it, cleaning it and replacing various worn-out bits.  I can't remember the total cost of this, but it was under $100.\u000a\u000aI would totally recommend BBB, due to their general awesomeness.  I haven't had any of the tuneup-related woes that other people have had with this shop, even when bringing in a bike that I haven't bought there.
p1490
aVI created an account just to review this shop, it's that awesome.\u000a\u000aThis is by far the premier shop in all of western PA, and arguably the state. \u000a\u000aGlenn the shop owner is one of the most knowledgeable men in the U.S. when it comes to cycling.  Having spent time in Europe, and with some of the biggest names in the industry, he truly knows what he's talking about.\u000a\u000aFurthermore; he's a pleasure to talk to, incredibly friendly and passionate as anything about the sport.  As for bike fitting, this is the only shop I would go to, Glenn's knowledge and background can't be competed with, and he is incredibly thorough.\u000a\u000aYes, they equipment is expensive, but that's a result of the quality they carry..not them setting prices high. Cycling is expensive, end of story. \u000a\u000aIf you're looking to pick up your next huffy, go to walmart. If you want a quality bike that is going to fit you, and operate perfectly: go to big bang.
p1491
aVBought a bike there on my second time in the shop.   Glen is very knowledgeable but can be a bit overwhelming, annoying and pushy, I can see how he can be very helpful to the average Joe, but if you are in his shop you should have done your homework, as this place is not walmart, mid to high level product here. I would encourage getting fitted and even buying a bike there, but going back for service is a whole different story.  Same day service is unheard of here, even for the simplest of adjustments, no service is available at all on the weekends.  the first time I took a bike there to have a rear derailer hanger replaced and re-adjusted (I had already purchased and had the hanger) 11 days went by before I returned to pick my bike up after not being called.  I figured it was just a fluke experience and gave them the benefit of the doubt.  The second time. I took a bike in to have a damaged shift lever replaced with a new 7800 pair. I called after 9 days and they said it wold be 2 days more.  when I showed up 2 days later it still wasn't done, it took 2 more following that, 13 days total.  Stay away from their service department
p1492
aVWhen you walk out of Big Bang Bikes you know you are buying a bike that fits YOU!  Glenn is amazing and he will help you reach your specific goals!  He has amazing passion and knowledge to make you more efficient and comfortable.  The best bike shop...by far.  Great prices and service.  We live in the north and won't hesitate to make the extra drive for anything bike related.
p1493
aVThis place is the absolute BEST to purchase a bike! I have been searching for a bike for a while now and every place I have gone to have not been NEAR has helpful as Glenn. \u000aThe one guy in the shop helped pick me a bike for what I needed and Glenn fit me perfectly to the bike. They also helped me with the bike rack on my car and changed my bike saddle for me! Ohhhh and they gave me the best price on the bike and accessories!!!  Wonderful service. Absolutely will go back! ... Can't wait!
p1494
aVI've got to be honest, I don't think I've ever been as blown away by customer service as I was here. I went in about half an hour before closing, was not rushed at all. I basically just walked in and said I was interested in a road bike but knew very little about them (I'm a MTBr). I was helped by Glenn, who, within two minutes, had me sitting on a bike, measuring me and adjusting things, and explaining the physics behind positioning and angles and the difference between the male and female physique on a road bike. At no point did he try to upsell anything (in fact, he didn't even ask me about a budget). He just gave me a few things to think about before I invest in something new. He was very obviously focused on getting me the product that will give me the most efficiency and power for my needs. So very impressed...this is absolutely where I will be buying my bike.
p1495
aVIf you're in the market for a high quality bike, whether it be road, mountain, racing, or hybrid, go to see Glenn at BBB.  It's very clear that he loves his shop and his job.  I explained my needs and preferences to him and he quickly fitted me with a bike that suited my needs.   I actually bought my Trek 7300 over 3 years ago and I absolutely love it!  He sells only the highest quality bikes and equipment.  Highly recommended.
p1496
aVMy experience at Big Bang Bicycles was what I have been looking for in the western Pa. area. I have been looking for trusted advice concerning a new road bike and proper fitting during the purchase process.  I am 6'4" and I found out quickly that regardless of the time of the year, it was very difficult to find a shop which stocked bikes of quality that I could properly test ride.  Big Bang and owner Glenn couldn't have been more patient of all my questions and concerns.  His knowledge is remarkable and he took his time fitting me and explaining the process. He had several bikes I could demo in my size.  After deciding on a model to order Glenn, Craig, and Samson who I had the pleasure of working with, continued to help me through ordering the bike, getting it assembled upon delivery, and taking a significant amount of time going through the bike with me and how to maintain it properly. The shop has an amazing variety of helmets, clothing, and other things that a cyclists might want to purchase. Even though I live in the north hills, if I need anything from service to merchandise, I will not hesitate to go to Big Bang Bicycles.  Glenn and the others that work at the shop are well worth the trip.
p1497
aVI am a novice rider looking to customize my bike and very intimidated to walk into the shop. Glen and the staff answered all of my questions and made it so easy to make my riding experience more comfortable. I would recommend this shop to bicyclist of any experience level!
p1498
aVI've lived in 3 cities before coming to Pittsburgh, and I have not received service anywhere better than this place. Their prices and selection are unparalleled elsewhere in the city. The mechanics are certainly the best. and the beuty about this place is they treat everybody with utmost respect - I was treated like I was a pro day 1, even though I am novice in every sense of the word\u000a\u000aMy only gripe initially was the location, but after coming here several times, I understand why this is the Mecca of bicycles not only in Pittsburgh, but whole Western PA. \u000a\u000aKeep up the good work guys
p1499
aVThis place is a gem. Always helpful, high quality, and great workmanship. This is a great bike shop for any level of rider.
p1500
aVI've ridden, trained on and/or raced bicycles for 30 years and during that time, I've purchased bikes and/or parts from no less than 20 different shops and websites. So it is with a great deal of experience that I can say, with confidence, that this is the best shop I've ever stepped foot (or cleat) in. \u000a\u000aI purchased a new bike and had 3 other bikes serviced there in a short period of time. Glenn, Craig and the ENTIRE team effectively demonstrated technical expertise, a passion for the sport and most importantly, a deep respect for their customers. I not only witnessed it myself but witnessed it with other customers while I was waiting. \u000a\u000aWhether you're new to the sport or a long time cyclist seeking a new and better experience, there simply is no better shop than Big Bang. Their selection, access and overall service is simply unreal. Enjoy this place, it's a treat.
p1501
aVThe service here was fantastic. I've found my new bike shop. I got great help and advice at no charge when they could've taken advantage of me and charged me a high cost for no real benefit (many places would do just that). In the future I will be purchasing from this shop and recommending them to others.
p1502
aVMy experience at Big Bang Bikes was fantastic.  I was there to shop for my first road bike, and Glenn (and his entire staff) were extremely helpful and knowledgeable about anything bike related, from biking geometry and fit all the way down to water bottle cages.\u000a\u000aI'll be coming here moving forward for bike maintenance, to purchase accessories and upgrades, and will recommend this shop to anyone.
p1503
aVMaybe nicest upper levels bike shop nationwide here. Most helpful staff, Glen. Beautiful high end bikes and equipment. This is a must do place for the enthusiastic rider.
p1504
aVWhat, you haven't been to Bellisario's yet? This is about the only red sauce pizza I ever get a craving for, and boy howdy is it good. The crust is on the thin side and ever so crisp on the bottom, while still having enough dough on the edge to provide a nice chewy bit at the end of your slice. The dough itself is flavorful, not too... well, doughy. The sauce is great, and they don't drown the pizza in it. There's just enough cheese; not so much it's an overwhelming grease slick and not so little you can't tell it's there. If you can go while Mama's working, all the better.\u000a\u000aYou can eat in here; they have four or five booths and generations worth of family photos on the walls. Two of us split a small (8-cut) pizza with one topping ($9) and with our two cans of pop we were out for $10. You can't beat that. And I'd put Bellisario's pizza up against any in the city.\u000a\u000aI grew up a five minute walk away. My mom loved Bellisario's and I have a lot of fond memories of walking through the alley to pick up a cheese pizza to bring home, my mom being too dollar-conscious to pay for delivery when there were perfectly able-bodied children around to go pick it up. Every time I have a slice, it brings back great memories. But I've had outside confirmation that it really is as awesome as I think it is.\u000a\u000aIt's a little divey, stuck in the back of an old shopping plaza, but it's perfect. If you're in West Mifflin (say, going to Kennywood), drive over and eat a pizza. They've also got hoagies and calzones, and I think that's about it. But with pizza this good, who cares?
p1505
aVOkay so I just moved to the outskirts of Duquesne, PA which is outside of Pittsburgh from Harrisburg, PA of all places. Where I am at, really there is no delivery but these guys did. They were nice and cordial and cheap but I have been spoiled by the pizza shop in Harrisburg, Downtown, run my an old world Italian guy named Luigi. That pizza is/was MILES better than this. This crust, while thin, did not have flavor and was hard. The slices were small for their 8 slice which I did like. The cheese was good. The sauce was meh. I've definitely had way better. 2 stars for being cheap and delivering.
p1506
aVGood pizza and i love the breadsticks...i don't know too much else about this place
p1507
aVPizza is very hit or miss. When the owners are there, it's really good. When they aren't, you get pizza that is over cooked (more like burnt) and LONG delivery times. The pizza, even when plain, is very greasy. Way more than other places around. Usually pizza that greasy is caused by low quality cheese. Also they do not take credit or debit cards. There are better options.
p1508
aVIncredible. The Pizza is the best in the area, by far. The Sandwiches are great as well, but in my opinion the best food they have is their Calzones, which I highly recommend. This place deserves a 5-Star as far as their food is concerned, but the dine-in potion of the shop is tiny and makes dining-in quite unenjoyable, so I'm forced to give them 4-stars. Would highly recommend either picking up or having something delivered, not so much on eating there though.
p1509
aVThis FBO may not look like much on the outside considering it's housed in a double wide trailer next to a cemetery, but once you are inside everything changes. This FBO is staffed by very friendly counter and ramp people and it is surprisingly nice inside. Two bathrooms with full showers and a couple of quite areas for the weary pilot or passenger are but a few of the nice touches here. Crew cars and cheap fuel make this the airport of choice when flying into Pittsburgh.
p1510
aVOne of the best FBOs when flying to Pittsburgh. Fuel is cheap, they have a crew car (A Jeep Compass) that they let you use for free on a first-come, first serve basis for a few hours. \u000a\u000aLanding fees are waived with fuel purchase. Overnight parking is $15 for a typical single engine plane. The staff is super nice; they have coffee, cherries and cookies for you inside and it's so close to downtown Pittsburgh!\u000a\u000aThere are two FBOs at AGC and every pilot I've talked to recommends going to Voyager for fantastic service. After my very brief flight there, I agree wholeheartedly! I can't wait to go back and bring my wife for a Pittsburgh weekend getaway.\u000a\u000aIt looks a little beat up, because as the previous reviewer mentioned...it's housed in a double wide trailer, but the facilities are modern inside and they are doing some construction/expanding, so I have a feeling it will change quite a bit soon!
p1511
aVGood service.. It is very attentive. Nice facility, though crew lounge should be larger as it's currently full.
p1512
aVI have been looking for 3 years for good crab rangoon - I finally found it!!!  We had boneless ribs that were absolutely wonderful.  Definitely going back!!!
p1513
aVBest menu best food in Pittsburgh! Thank goodness I only live 5 min away!
p1514
aVOk this is my first yelp review, I never left any reviews for other restaurants, but I am writing it because I want others to know about this place more.\u000a\u000aRestaurant run by family. very friendly, clean cooking environment, and Great food. I would come to this place again and again whenever I visit Pittsburgh.\u000a\u000aIts less than 10min drive from Kennywood, if you are visiting Kennywood you should definitely try this place.
p1515
aVGreat food, service and prices. It's in a not so great part of town, but lock your doors and it's definitely worth it. Best baked goods in the area! Try the almond torte!!
p1516
aVThanks to Darren's sis Jessica, we had some excellent cookies for our housewarming party. I liked ths sugar cookies with the jimmies best and the half-dipped chocolate chips, but they were all good. It's too bad about the area in which it is though.
p1517
aVCame here from PGH for the first time.  This bakery is legit.  I bought some Rye bread and Italian 5 grain.  Delicious.  A strange snickerdoodle thing with pink frosting.  Delicious. Chocolate chip cookie dipped in chocolate, extra chewy and humongous.  Delicious.\u000a\u000aAnd a sweet old lady serving em up.\u000a\u000aThe best.\u000a\u000aDelicious.
p1518
aVAbsolutely the best bakery I've been in ever! The cookies are delicious. The nut rolls. & coffee cakes are heaven. Put on your bucket list to eat an almond torte. It is extremely memorable. I will dream about Minerva's delicacies until I return to visit the Burgh again. Btw - the staff is the best.
p1519
aVIt sounds crazy to drive to Mckeesport for a cookie but Minerva is the BEST! Cookies and pies are incredible. Cakes are lovely and the pastries are worth the workout to get rid of them. \u000a\u000aThey have a wide selection and now take credit cards. Its worth calling ahead on the holidays. This is not the Giant Eagle, sometimes they sell out.
p1520
aVGreat baked goods and a nice staff. Staff seems to be bumping into each other and lines quickly form. Would also be nice if they allowed customers to order anything they want during the holidays to alleviate the wait.
p1521
aVThe cake was delicious! This bakery is one of oldest and best bakeries in the area. Service was great and prices were even better. Freshly made, just ready to be eaten!:)
p1522
aVExcellent service and excellent baked goods! The staff is so nice! Love everything there including their fabulous sandwich rolls!  I wish they would make a website and also update their facebook page so more people can find out about them!
p1523
aVMinerva has awesome cakes! They are cash only. Stop and pick up a delicious cake! I have been enjoying this bakery my entire life!
p1524
aVThis place is SUCH a GEM!!!! You can taste the love in every item that they make. \u000a\u000a3 generations of my family have gotten our wedding cakes from here, and I really hope they're around for my future children to order from. \u000a\u000aTheir icing is next level and perfect. Their donuts are perfect. Everything is perfect pretty much. You won't be disappointed.
p1525
aVWe got our wedding cake here back in 2008, and it was AMAZING. The woman that worked with us on design, size, flavor, etc. was extremely helpful and patient. The cake came out beautifully, and was delicious! Since then, nothing I've tasted holds a candle to Minerva's.
p1526
aVOur go-to for birthday cakes.  The pepperoni rolls are great.  Very comfortable atmosphere, feels like you're in grandma's kitchen.
p1527
aVThis bakery been here over 100 years they make the best cakes in the Mon Valley, The ladies of Will have you laughing to tears and the thing I like they're the most is the freshly cut bread and there quarter sheet cakes so tasty so delicious so good.
p1528
aVA delicious neighborhood gem about 5 blocks from the hospital. My favorites are the brownies and creme horns, and pumpkin pies in season, in about 3 sizes go fast.  Sometimes if you go near closing, they will pop in an extra brownie or cookie. The burnt almond torte is as good as Prantl's.
p1529
aVYou have never had a pierogie until you've driven out to McKees Rocks and picked up a dozen or so from Pierogies Plus. Made primarily by Polish and Ukranian immigrants, these are probably the most authentic/delicious pierogies you can buy in the states. \u000a\u000aIf the only pierogies you've ever had were the frozen Mrs. T's you got at Giant Eagle, do yourself a favor and check Pierogies Plus out.
p1530
aVYears after the first reviewer came here, the quality is still great and deserving of more than 5 stars.\u000a\u000aThe people who work here and run this place are super friendly and really know their craft. The main owner took my order once and gave me some tips on how to cook the frozen pierogies at home. They turned out ok, but not as good as getting them fresh from the store. \u000a\u000aIt can be a bit of a drive from anywhere that's not McKees Rocks (Google Maps takes you through the hood) but it's worth it.
p1531
aVThese are the best pierogies EVER!  My favorite is the jalapeno pierogie, which is not that spicy, but has excellent flavor.  It is such a treat to get these when I'm back in town!
p1532
aVLove butter? Then get thee to Pierogies Plus.\u000a\u000aI live in St. Louis, and it seems like the only pierogi I can find are in my grocer's freezer. Oh, but when I go home to Pittsburgh, I can have as much of the chewy, flavorful, buttery goodness as I desire from Pierogies Plus.\u000a\u000aThe place still looks like an old service station with a tiny building and a roof over an old gas pump island. Inside, though, magical elves... uh... I mean fabulous Polish women... create deliciousness with love -- and butter. Have I mentioned that butter is a part of the deal? Because it totally is. You really should fast for two days before picking up pierogi from here.\u000a\u000aOh, but you'll be happy you did. I'm vegetarian, so I only order meat-free pierogi. I'm in love with the saurkraut and the cheese varieties. When you pick up a hot order, you'll get your pierogi covered in with rich butter and sauteed onions. No, I'm serious -- the pierogi are SWIMMING in butter. It's the best thing ever. Everything is packed inside a styrofoam container and a plastic bag, because butter WILL spill out.\u000a\u000aYou also can order cold or frozen pierogi if you plan to, say, lug them to the middle of the country to enjoy in a far-off city.\u000a\u000aBesides many varieties of pierogi, you also can get things from the deli cases. Last time, I had some apricot blintzes, a latke and some type of apple turnover thingy. I really hope Pierogies Plus has the blintzes when I visit next.\u000a\u000aAwesome thing: Pierogies Plus usually has coupons in the Entertainment Book. My best friend and I steal all of the coupons from our families so that I can get a steady stream of discounted Polish goodness each time I visit.\u000a\u000aThe only downside is that Pierogies Plus often closes for several days around holidays. I totally understand it -- family time is important! -- but that often coincides with my visits (I head east around the holidays mainly because I get an extra day with the fam without having to take another vacation day). I've learned to plan my trips around the Pierogies Plus schedule, though, because I MUST have yummy goodness. A pierogi-less Allison is a cranky Allison.
p1533
aVThese pierogies are one of my favorite things in the world. They're freakin' amazing. The potato and jalapeno ones are my favorite. And I definitely think it's worth it to drive all the way out to McKees Rocks to get them. I like to get them frozen, and bring them home and smother them in butter.
p1534
aVI was planning to attend a conference in Pittsburgh and was researching food joints that I wanted to check out. A friend of mine insisted that I go to Pierogies Plus telling me that the food was so good that ever since he went that he has had pierogies mail-ordered to his house each year. While I have never been a huge fan of pierogies, I figured that I should heed my friends advice since he generally steers me to places I enjoy. Let's just say in this case, he hit the ball out of the park.\u000a\u000aI actually wound up going to Pierogies Plus straight from the airport. After getting in a rental car and plugging in my GPS, imagine my surprise when my GPS announced "You have reached your destination." and I found myself sitting outside what appeared to be an old service station. When I walked inside and up to the counter, I found a crew of Polish women rocking out every kind of Pierogi imaginable. I was overwhelmed by the sheer volume of choices.\u000a\u000aWanting to try everything, I wound up going with their Sampler Platter #1 which was a small haluski (a noodle and cabbage mixture), a stuffed cabbage, and four pierogi ( I wound up going with a potato with bacon, potato with cheese, potato with jalapeno, and potato with meat). The food was outrageously good. I'm actually salivating just thinking back on the meal. The stuffed cabbage was not marred by the typical dryness that can afflict that dish and was perfectly sauced. The haluski, a dish I had never heard of, was amazing.\u000a\u000aWhile I can't expect everyone to make their way to Pittsburgh solely to go to Pierogies Plus, do yourself a favor and order some. Those wonderful ladies deserve your business. Your belly will appreciate it!
p1535
aVLittle ladies, sitting in the back of a renovated gas station perched precariously at the top of a hill, making pierogies and cooking them to perfection in butter and onions... it almost sounds like a strange Pittsburgher fairy tale, but this is no tale - the finest pierogies I've ever eaten emerge from the back of that gas station, and my Polish girlfriend even confirmed that these are better than some of her family's goods.\u000a\u000aWhile in line I met folks from Rhode Island, Kentucky, and North Carolina, who all had come to McKees Rocks in their rental cars straight from the airport before even going to see their families - that is dedication and commitment to some seriously delicious pierogies. After enjoying a dozen of these filling, savory, perfect pierogies, I think once I move away from here I will be making that same trip to Pierogies Plus myself.
p1536
aVMy coworkers and I left our office in Crafton, headed for Pierogies Plus. The journey there took us past bizarre, abandoned-looking buildings, and roads that suddenly ended in cement blockades. The area is prime for use as the setting of a slasher flick. \u000a\u000aBUT, the weird drive is totally worth it. Pierogies Plus is so legit. \u000a\u000aThe setting is reminiscent of Seinfeld's 'Soup Nazi': tiny interior, people standing in line shoulder-to-shoulder, and a lady behind the counter brusquely taking orders. Oh, and make sure you order your 'rogies "hot" if you're planning on eating them soon! Otherwise, you get 'em frozen. (There's a slight up-charge for the hot ones, btw -- electricity ain't free!) \u000a\u000aThey were out of the plain potato and the potato and cheese varieties when we were there, so I had the platter with pierogies and kielbasa. I opted for the sauerkraut pierogies, and they were SO good! The interior was filled with sauerkraut mixed with potatoes, as opposed to many other sauerkraut pierogies I've had that were filled with only kraut. I definitely prefer the potato/kraut mix! They were also drowning in butter and onions. Like, serious, serious butter - Paula Deen has nothin' on these ladies' butter usage. The kielbasa was awesome, too! I also sampled their haluski and it was the best I've ever had. Tons o' butter, seasoned with generous amounts of salt 'n' pepper, and there was quite a bit of sautéed onions in the mix, which added even more flavor. \u000a\u000aA few things to note: They have coupons you can print out on their website, but you must cut them out if you're gonna bring 'em in and use them! You cannot just hand them the whole piece of paper. If you want to order a special variety, they need 2 days advance notice (check their site to see what the 'special' ones are). They do accept credit cards, with a $10 min. Yes, some of the ladies are not the friendliest, but the food is so good, they can be like that, and you'll still come back for more!  And, parking is quite limited there. Pretty sure the building is a converted service station. :)\u000a\u000aAll in all, these pierogies are some of the best I've ever had, and I will definitely be back very soon!
p1537
aVUpdate: Get. The. Italian. Sausage. Pierogies. Holy crap. It will change your freaking life!
p1538
aVOMG good pierogis in a classic blue collar 'hood. At first glance, it looks like a place to get a flat fixed on your tire. Instead, I re-learn why I always avoid the corporate food franchises and seek places like this out. Just go there and eat whatever the nice woman behind the counter tells you to! It's well worth the mapquest ...
p1539
aVAs a skeptical out of towner, I was pretty wary after the hotel bellhop suggested this off the beaten path place. However this place far exceeded my expectations. We bought an assorted dozen of pierogies and they were all delicious (my favorites being the jalapeños pierogi and the bacon/potato pierogi).  A great find and an excellent place for someone out of town to try out pierogies!
p1540
aVSome great pierogies are expertly handmade with "tender loving care," here in this once-was-a-gas-station. Quality, I tell you. They're definitely worthy of a pierogi pilgrimage. \u000a\u000aOrder them hot if you want them right then and there because these nice ladies also sell them cold to take home too. \u000a\u000aHot and buttery, buttery, buttery, and covered in sauteed onions is how you'll get them. So good. We shared the potato and cheese, potato and sauerkraut, and hot sausage varieties. Delicious, them all.
p1541
aVBest pierogies in tahn!  \u000a\u000aI usually just go with the standard potato and cheese but I've also tried a few of the other pierogies and some of the plus.  These pierogies can't be beat.  Made by hand with love in the traditional old world style, I have yet to find better.\u000a\u000aIt's amazing to get there at 10:55am, 5 minutes before they open and see the mad rush of people getting pierogies.  By 11am, the line is already out the door.  Always a good sign.  They serve their pierogies hot, cold or frozen.  I always go with the hot because nothing beats pierogies bathing in butter and onions.  And here at Pierogies Plus, they are definitely worth the wait.
p1542
aVJust finished a dinner of pierogies that our Pgh family brought to WV - always look forward to Pierogies Plus - try the apricot for a sweet treet!
p1543
aVApricot with cream cheese, who would have thought...love this place, love it so much.  Print the 10% off coupon on their website before going in.   Make sure u print it out, they will not accept it other wise.
p1544
aVPierogies Plus has the most amazing customer service I have ever encountered\u000a\u000aI wanted to send my sister, who lives in Pittsburgh, a care package after she had a bad fall. I normally put together my own, but I was too busy, and I wanted to make sure it was just as special. The wonderful people at Pierogies Plus made sure my sister had a delicious surprise, and they were wonderful and kind every time I called.\u000a\u000aMy sister and brother-in-law raved over the pierogies, and my sister was absolutely delighted by the dessert apricot ones! (They received them fresh the evening they were made, and then froze the rest -- fresh and frozen were both delish!) I cannot recommend this place enough!\u000a\u000a\u000a\u000aTLDR: Go buy your pierogies here!
p1545
aVThis place has some amazing homemade pierogies! I had never eaten anything besides the usual Mrs. T.'s potato types and boy, was I missing out! We stopped one night and got a some potato/cheddar and some sauerkraut/potato. You can buy them hot or take them home cold. There is a small table outside to eat, but only standing room to order inside.\u000a\u000aThey had special order pierogies that sounded amazing, but they suggest a 2 day advance order for those. They said sometimes they will have leftover specialty ones for sale, but it all depends on the day. \u000a\u000aThey also have haluski, stuffed cabbage and other things that I am looking forward to trying next time.
p1546
aVMy mother is 80+ years old and now lives in New York but she grew up outside of Pittsburgh.  Her parents were Czech and our annual vacations to visit my grandparents were wonderful - filled with family dinners including stuffed cabbage, peirogies, and haluski.  Now that my mother is older and lives alone making things like stuffed cabbage is difficult for her.  I saw Peirogies Plus featured on the Food Network years ago and decided to send my mom an assortment for her birthday.  When her package arrived she called me immediately and said "Where did you get this food???".  This is the real deal - traditional, authentic, ethnic food.  The gift I sent took my mother back to her own mother's kitchen.  It's the comfort food to beat all comfort foods - it also takes me back to my childhood all those summers ago!  I'm ordering again for my mother's birthday.  The only "problem" now is that I have to order enough to include my brothers and sisters who mysteriously show up at my mother's house once the rumor that the package has arrived makes the rounds.
p1547
aVThis little former gas station makes some incredibly delicious pierogies. Order ahead for big holidays - we order several dozen every year for Easter and the take out line stretches out the door all day on Good Friday. I particularly like the apricot and cream cheese and the prune varieties. Potato and cheddar are great, too, of course!
p1548
aVWARNING: ADDICTING POTATOE VERSION OF CRACK -----CHEAP, frozen, cold or hot.  PARKING SUCKS on busy route 51 mckees rocks only enough room for approx 6-8 cars. SUPER BUSY best time to come is between 1pm-4pm------g8 food.  Outside in good weather there is a couple little tables to sit at., but not during the winter/early spring.  MOST CUSTOMERS ARE TO GO TAKE HOME . hours monday 11-6, tues-friday 11-7 -----   closed sat/sun
p1549
aVYummy! I've never tried Polish food aside from a sausage. I have to say it was really good. The ladies that worked there were very nice. The only down side it took a while to get my food. I think it's made to order. Regardless, when I received my food it was streaming hot. Let's just say for me it was worth the wait.
p1550
aVBest pierogies I've ever had.  And, seeing as how I'm from Pittsburgh.... that's a lot.  The apricot and cream cheese pierogies are amazing!!!  GO.
p1551
aVThis place was really good.  Ordered the sampler plate with one small haluski, one stuffed cabbage, four pierogies. I have to admit the haluski was EPIC!!! OMG THE BEST I WAS LIKE WHAT AM I EATING!! SOOOO FREAKIN GOOD!!  The pierogies and the stuffed cabbage wasn't as amazing, but it was tasty. The crab cake was nasty. Yuck!!!
p1552
aVGood pierogies, but after also having Szmidts in Greenfield recently, this place takes the backseat. Its also out of the way for me. However, if I ever happen to be in McKees Rocks, Ill make sure to keep this spot in mind.
p1553
aVI was very disappointed in the quality of the pierogies and the haluski at Pierogies Plus.  I ordered them hot and I purchased enough so that I could have leftovers the next day.  When I got home and opened the containers, something smelled odd.  When I started to eat, it tasted just as odd.  As it turns out, what is referred to as 'butter sauce' is a misrepresentation of what it really is-----margarine, which I eliminated from my diet years ago because of the trans fats and the fact that any way you cut it, butter makes for a better product.  Sorry Allison B, ain't no butter here.  Margarine is used as a cost-cutting measure, and it just can't measure up.  I rinsed off the peirogies and browned them in some butter and my own onions.   The haluski got thrown away.  For the prices being charged for these products, the proprietor can well-afford to use butter.
p1554
aVGreat food!  I have been eating at Pierogies Plus since they opened.  Great food all around!  The Halupki and Halushki are awesome as well as the Pierogies.
p1555
aVDecent pierogies but not the best I've had. I've eaten @ Pierogies Plus two times. Both times I got the potato & cheese pierogies. They are good however they come in WAY too much butter/oil. They are probably soaked in at least a half a cup or more of butter/oil. When I get them I have to take them out of all the butter/oil b/c it would make me completely sick if I ate them as is. Other than that the pierogies themselves are decent. \u000aHowever, they are pretty pricey. About $12 for 1 dozen. \u000aRecommend eating here if you're passing through or nearby but I wouldn't go out of my way.
p1556
aVWe went way out of our way on a long road trip to stop here, and it was worth it. It's just one of those funky little neighborhood spots that does a great job at its specialty. Ordering was a little awkward but we got through it. We didn't mind sitting in the crappy little outdoor seating area--it was better than getting back in the car.
p1557
aVOut and about at lunch... decided to stop and grab something to eat.    There was a nice selection of hot and ready pierogis to choose from which was nice and there were a few available behind the counter "cold".  Most of the specialty type pierogies require special orders (potato and meat etc.)\u000a\u000aI had a meatball sandwich for $5.50 and it was tasty. It was the size of a half meatball hoagie.   The woman that waited on me said that the meatballs were homemade.    Of course I had to get some delicious Pierogies.. "Potato and Cheese (submerged in butter and onions).  I took them back to the office and shared.
p1558
aVThe amount of food in the box was crazy I think it could have easily fed two people. The pierogies are on point. I had potato and cheese and loved them!!! No place to eat so its a to go place but well worth it. Glad we stopped on on our way to Pittsburgh!!! Would go back
p1559
aVSorry just had my first taste of Pierogies Plus. We had the potato cheese I would like to know where the cheese was? The potatoes tasted very bland almost like dried mixed. Not my cut of tea.
p1560
aVThere was a time when you insisted on getting your Pierogies from the churches. They were authentic recipes made with love by church ladies. Pierogies Plus hires church ladies, and it's a lot easier than buying from churches. Seriously, they ship Pierogies all over the world, and their product is the gold standard. Plan some extra time, because this is not fast food. The counter always seems slow to me, they do things their own way, but now I find it rather charming. \u000a\u000aThey have some coupons on their website, and there have been Groupon deals in the past, so check for those.\u000a\u000aBottom line, the Pierogies are amazing and authentic.
p1561
aVI love these. I would eat the whole dozen in one sitting if I could. The apricot cream cheese ones are delicious!
p1562
aVHave really been missing home and recently had pierogies and haluski shipped all the way to Alabama. Shipping costs were pretty substantial, and the cooling system was VERY borderline in terms of how long it lasts, but everything looked so amazing that I was willing to chance it. :) Price wise, I think shipping is absolutely worth it as along as you order two or more of everything. Everything was so great--maybe even better than my Busha used to make! Will definitely be ordering again and again.
p1563
aVGo hungry!!  The meals are huge!  We found this place before we visited the Pittsburgh area and wanted to add it to our list of places to eat.  We were only doing mom and pop type restaurants for our vacation, no major chain restaurants.  This place fit the bill perfectly!  Like I said the meals are huge and delicious.  We got there right before closing but they still served us with a smile.  We had the #2 and the #7, both were yummy.  Those pierogies couldn't have had any more filling in them, they are packed with goodness.  This was the first time we have ever had Haluski, it was awesome.  We also had the nut horns for dessert.  Buy some for the car ride home!  There are a few seats outside the shop but it is mostly carry out.  Also don't let the neighborhood scare you, the food is worth it!!
p1564
aVGreat pierogies and haluski.  A bit pricey for what you get and their deals for bulk orders are not great compared to other places (for example, Gosia's is better and will give you a deal on a big order).  Pierogies Plus is not the best pierogies in the city--keeping in mind there's a lot of competition here--but they definitely are the best Polish food in the McKees Rocks area.\u000a\u000aThe main reason that I deducted a star is because every staff member there has been incredibly rude over the phone or in person.  I got yelled at by a staff person once when I rather meekly pointed out their website prices did not match their in-store prices--not my fault the website was not up-to-date.
p1565
aVGood food, great staff.  Always friendly always clean very consistent.   The breakfast sandwich is awesome.
p1566
aVFood here was pretty comparable to other eat n parks. My boyfriend and I came here late at night. He ordered soup, and props to the waitress for being honest and telling him not to get it, that it had been sitting all day and was soggy. We really appreciated the waitress being upfront about what to not order late at night. Overall a good experience
p1567
aVGood food, but really spotty service. Out of three trips, one was excellent, one involved us waiting for forty minutes for our (cold) food, and one involved us waiting for fifteen minutes to even see a server before we just left money for a coffee. So it's not a bad place, but definitely stick to the drive thru.
p1568
aVThe hamburgers and fries taste better than other eat n parks i have eaten at. I dont know why maybe a different food distributor. Clean,  the service is good.
p1569
aVGood people watching, salad bar always fresh, cool photos of old Rox, and they always accommodate my weird orders. Cheap, fast, local.
p1570
aVHave been here two times after stopping at Mancini's Bakery. Have only had the Hamburger/Cheese/Bacon w/ fries but huge portions and great price. Great Quality also. Server is really nice also. Will be eating here again. Heard the Breakfast items are also great. Saw the waffles and pancakes....were huge!
p1571
aVMarges is tucked away in the delightful Pittsburgh neighborhood of Mckees Rocks. This place reminds me half of a diner from the 1950's, and half my grandmas kitchen.\u000a\u000aThe seating room is accommodation, the service prompt and courteous.The prices are fantastic and so is the food.\u000a\u000aI had a grilled hodge podge combination of hot/sweet sausage, potatoes, eggs, and peppers all on one dish for 9.50. It was excellent. Ladies and Gents, I can put food away  like a champ and I still had leftovers.\u000a\u000aMy friend had a succulent, buttery French Toast. Simple, but they nailed it.\u000a\u000aI would return.
p1572
aVOn a random Sunday morning I went in search of a good breakfast spot.  I decided to explore the McKees Rocks neighborhood and came upon Marge's Place.  I hadn't heard much about this place, but after reading the few reviews I could find, I decided to give it a try.  \u000a\u000aInside, it's bigger than I expected but still has that down home diner feel.  My guess is that most of the people there were regulars.  The wait staff was friendly to those they knew but also welcoming to me, someone they had never seen before.  I picked a table in the corner so I could observe what I imagine was a typical Sunday morning.  I ordered the breakfast special: 2 scrambled eggs with bacon, potatoes and toast.  Any place that has Mancini's Italian toast already gets thumbs up in my book.  Being in McKees Rocks, though, they really don't have a choice.  The potatoes were thin sliced with onions and very flavorful.  The only way I can think of to describe the bacon is...porkier.  Is that even a word?  I just don't know how else to descibe it.  The combination of foods was served in generous portions at a great price (under $5).  \u000a\u000aOne random note: I liked the tables and chairs.  They were comfortable not just for sitting and enjoying a cup of coffee with my morning paper but also very comfortable for sitting and eating.  Good distance between the table and chairs.  That may sound silly, and I thought so, too, at first.  But when I go to a place and the booth is too wide or too narrow, it can hinder my enjoyment.  \u000a\u000aNot only will I return, but I will also recommend Marge's Place to anyone in the area.  It was a surprisingly good find.  I like places like neighborhood businesses like this where they make everyone feel like they belong.
p1573
aVGreat service, great food at a reasonable price!  The cheeseburger was as big as my head and delicious and the onion rings were just as good.  Our waitress was friendly, attentive and quick to refill drinks. Can't wait to go back!
p1574
aVVery quaint! Stopped here for lunch while traveling for work, and I felt like I was in a diner in the 1950s. Had a grilled cheese and fries - the food was good and everyone was friendly.
p1575
aVGreat small town breakfast spot Highly recommend George's Mixed Grill ... Delicious
p1576
aVI have live around this area all my life and My family would go here and I would always decline to go, that is until Saturday my brother asked me if I wanted to go to breakfast and I had to say yes (just posted on facebook that I wanted to go to breakfast and nobody wanted to go with me) Lets get to the review I am glad I said yes there homefries are awesome the eggs were just right. I would definitely go here again.
p1577
aVI'm new to Pittsburgh so I wanted to try out all the local spots first and let me tell you... This spot is definitely worth a try! It's a cute diner with a lot of local charm. The prices are awesome and the food is even better! I had the cinnamon raisin french toast with the home fries and a coffee. All of it was really good. I'm not a complainer but I'm picky and honestly...I have nothing but good things to say about this place. I highly recommend you stop by and give it a try! You can thank me later. ;)
p1578
aVGreat service, friendly staff, great food, great prices. What more can you ask for in a small town breakfast place? Will definitely be back
p1579
aVAlways a favorite. New name (Broadway brunch), but the same great food. Good coffee.quick service, friendly waitstaff. Good home cooked foots at reasonable prices. The neighborhood is a bit sketchy, so lock your car doors. \u000a  Local foods ( Mancinis toast, Riccis sausage). Atmosphere is loud, smokey and a bit greasy, but the delicious food is worth it. \u000aYou can't beat Marges place for a great deal. 2 eggs cooked to order, the best home fries I know of, crisp hickory bacon, Rocco's sausage, hot buttered Mancinis toast and vanilla French toast...$6.99\u000a\u000aI hope it never changes by going upscale or healthy ( organic, vegan etc). \u000a Parking meters are 10 cents an hour.
p1580
aVI've been coming here for years but the new owner makes a world of difference.  Great bargain and better breakfast. You can't go wrong with straightforward good food made well. In an area known for great basics these guys get it right.\u000a\u000aTake a trip to Stowe hunry.
p1581
aVThis was our first time visiting Broadway Brunch and we were NOT disappointed! I found them on Yelp and read the reviews and thought we should give it a go. Everything was delicious, and I'm a very picky eater. The coffee was wonderful and my eggs were just right. I can't tell you the last time I ordered eggs over medium and actually GOT eggs over medium. No burned crusty edges or anything! And the bacon, oh the bacon, It was perfect! This place is a gem and I can't wait to bring my mom and sister here next time they visit. The owners RJ and Kelly were super nice and even came to check on us to make sure everything was good. They are also in the process of remodeling to give it more of a 50's feel. If you're looking for a great little homey feeling diner with great food and affordable prices, this is the place!
p1582
aVMy dad grew up in McKees Rocks so whenever we are back visiting relatives we stop at Mancini's. This is right down the street and we have never stopped here. What a pleasant surprise for The Rocks. Great breakfast specials, mixed grill was superb and of course they serve Mancini's which makes the best French toast.
p1583
aVGreat service, fantastic atmosphere... friendliest owners ever!! The VIKING'S Breakfast though WOW!!!! Highly recommend this place!!
p1584
aVThe true test of a great breakfast place is its ability to produce the perfect over medium egg, the whites cooked through and the yokes, unbroken, warm and runny. Many places have either produced broken or rock hard yokes (over hard) or runny whites (over easy) in their attempts to create an over medium egg, but Broadway Brunch completely nailed it! I'm so glad I found this little breakfast treasure trove and look forward to visiting again on my next trip to Pittsburgh.
p1585
aVJust moved to the area and decided to have a breakfast date at this small town diner I saw on google maps. It was within walking distance so I figured it was worth a try.\u000a\u000aFood was absolutely great, coffee was great and our server was extremely sweet and polite. I believe this is going to be a once a week breakfast date spot for me and my girl.
p1586
aVThe atmosphere feels like an old school diner. Everyone is always so friendly even the other customers. The food is delish...I drive 25 miles one way to eat here and it's worth the trip every time!!
p1587
aVFound this place on a Sunday looking for breakfast.   The food was fantastic and you get you get a decent sized portion.    Very inexpensive for what you are getting.  I've been back since my initial visit and the food was just as good.  The staff is very friendly and welcoming.  Would highly recommend.
p1588
aVI've only eaten here once and that's enough.   The atmosphere is cozy, the wait staff friendly and fast and the prices were reasonable.  Unfortunately the food wasn't very good. I was served over cooked eggs with raw bacon and the biscuits were stale.  I don't know if there was an inexperinced cook or just bad luck, but bad food is bad food.
p1589
aVFantastic all around, GREAT food, good people and a cozy atmosphere. Love this place so much!
p1590
aVAMAZING! Service, food, charm...all-in-one place! Home cooking...you will not be disappointed.
p1591
aVMoved into a new neighborhood, get to try some new pies :D\u000aPasquarelli's Pizza House jumped off of the page as the place to try. Yes, on name alone, haha. After being told that they don't deliver to me and then that they do, the actual order took place. No, you can't get double or extra pepperoni(-1 the pizza is not that good that they can dictate what you want on it) or extra cheese. No, you can't get a menu and no we are out of Hot Sausage. Too many "no's" to me. No, we don't have Coke or Pepsi. No, we don't have bottles.(-1 for all the "No's")\u000aLarge Pie with Pepperoni and Ham\u000a2 cans of Mountain Dew \u000a$19.18, seemed a little expensive compared to prices on Mt Wash, where this would have been $14-$16, no mas. (-1)\u000aThe delivery occurred ahead of the stated 45 minute time, delivery guy was great.\u000a The dough was a little tough, in fact my jaw hurt after 2 slices. I tried another piece about a half hour later and it was really tasty and the crust was a bit softer. I also like the "Dirty Crust" (+1), they flip the crust down to size covering a presauced section, putting a small bit of sauce inside the crust. They sauce the crust edges sloppy and get cheese all over the top, Dirty Crust. Yummy!
p1592
aVBest Pizza in the western hemisphere!
p1593
aVI may be a little biased here based on the fact that I've been eating at this place since... I was born.  With that said, I've eaten pizza all of the USA and this is still my absolute favorite place to order Pizza from.  When I come home to Pittsburgh for a visit ordering from Pasquarelli's is a MUST!   It is a true mom and pop pizza dive.  The owners are really nice and man can they cook.  The Pizza is unique.  Handmade dough, homemade sauce, tasty cheese, you name it.  I love this place!\u000a\u000aIf you order here please don't stop at Pizza!  I've never had a meatball that is better than Mrs. P's meatballs.  They are so good that I don't compare other meatballs to them because it isn't fair to the other cooks.  The Steak Hoagie is also one of my favorites.  This place isn't cheap but this is real handmade food!  If you want cheap pizza go to pizza hut.
p1594
aVBest pizza ever!
p1595
aVThis pizza spot came HIGHLY recommended by several friends and we finally got a chance to taste the awesomeness! Stuffed crust with sauce that is not too sweet and not too bitter, pepperoni and mushroom was a GREAT combo! Cash only and sooooo worth it!
p1596
aVMy beau and I decided to do a "pizza week", Pasquarelli's was third on our list (choosing from a list of top Pizza shops in Pgh).  It is BY FAR the BEST pizza we've ever had!  We tried a small white and a med red sauce (with stuffed crust).  Priced reasonably well for the unbelievably mouth-watering pies they serve.  Take out service only and cash only, but even though it's about 30 minutes from where we live we'll certainly be back!!
p1597
aVI have tried to eat here 3 times in the last 2 years...Every time i try it's closed?  Like today, a random March Friday 3 pm.  It was closed?  Do they take a lot of vacations?  I've heard good things though.
p1598
aVThis is the best pizza in McKee's Rocks. Mom and pop shop.  It's just a little shed located across from the dollar general.  The pizza is amazing!  The old lady answers the phone and takes care of the money.  The old man makes the pizzas.  You don't need extra toppings because they give you plenty of fresh ingredients. A large pizza will feed a family of 4 even 5.  The crust is dusty and crunchy.  The sauce is one of a kind.  It's CASH only so make sure you stop at the bank before you get there.  Oh and they don't deliver either.  Like I said it's a mom and pop shop of two employees only.    In fact I'm ordering a pie tonight.  Ps it's great the next day in the oven.
p1599
aVThis was a Good place to get pizza.  As far as I know they are No Longer Open at this Location.
p1600
aVThe best deep dish pizza in pgh the other food is great too the owners know you by name been eating there for 30 years
p1601
aVThis place is great.. I've had a lot of pizza pie in my life and this by far is the best.. although a little pricey, you get what you pay for ..\u000a      A little ól pie shop in the Rocks that is family run here for 42 years.. everything hand made.., every time I've been there it's outstanding and gratifying... Don't forget cash... NO CARD...
p1602
aVHunan Wok is a strip mall Chinese joint in Kennedy Township. When walking in, you are overwhelmed by the smell of cleaning products, how dimly lit it is and a lot of the signage and calendars are dusty/dirty(-1  overall appearance) , just not real appealing. It was around 2:30 and empty. I ordered L24 General Tso's, yea I know, real adventurous, but I do ask for it Hot every time.  I was told 15 minutes, it took 20 and they were dead slow(-1). The General Tso's was about as flavorless as you could get and o, so dry(-1).  The Pork Fried Rice was actually Pork Burnt Rice, nasty(-1). I also ordered Boneless Ribs, which were pretty good. Not a lot of fat on them.\u000aEnded up paying $13 for a lunch special that didn't come with a drink(-1).\u000aOverall, odds of going back are a lot slimmer than me.
p1603
aVVery tasty well made chinese cuisine, go with the take out route rather than eating in...try the Hunan wok special soup and fried rice...extra spicy.
p1604
aVShredded Chicken and General Tsos... very bland!!!! \u000a\u000aMenu is very basic. The prices are a little above average and certainly not worth it. \u000aTasteless.\u000a\u000aVery disappointed.. never again One star\u000ais being nice.
p1605
aVOur Go to for Robinson and Kennedy good value and the family that runs it are awesome. \u000a\u000aTry it out  curry beef
p1606
aVewwww
p1607
aVIt wasn't a busy night at the neighborhood, but you could have been fooled by how long the food took.  While it did take a while everyone was extremely friendly.  The food did come out hot, at least mine did, the rest of the plates were plate-warmer hot.  Everyone in the table resented me for "holding back" the table since they staff pointed out they were waiting on my burger.\u000a\u000aWhich hey works as a segway onto the burger.  Quesadilla Burger.  I knew that was a mistake but I did it anyways.  The patty was sorta flavorful.  The toppings were in the bland category.  Cheese went MIA.  And the tortilla were over-toasted and tasteless.\u000a\u000aA big blah overall, which is sad, since we've had a grand ole time and good food in past visits.
p1608
aVThe 7 ounce house sirloin is the bomb! 'Nuff said.
p1609
aVHaven't been here in a long time.  Never thought Applebee's would be so good. \u000aThe new Sriracha Shrimp are fantastic.  BBQ-ish, spicy,  fried perfectly. \u000aThe Pub Philly with extra grilled jalapeño was another hit.\u000aIf you get fries, get the BBQ dust on them or on the side. \u000aBest part was their in house made spicy cucumbers.  Pickles gone WILD!\u000aIf you sit at the bar, see Nucc. He's great.
p1610
aVApplebee's is a chain restaurant found around the country. The service is friendly and now they have added to your table a machine where you can play games, answer trivia questions, or add to your order. There is a slight fee for the two former items so you would swipe your card in order to use it.\u000a\u000aI normally come here during the week when they have lunch specials. You get a choice or soup, half sandwich or half salad of the ones listed.\u000a\u000aI normally order the French onion soup along with the Chinese chicken salad. Although it comes fried you can request it grilled and you get a small breadstick to go with it.\u000a\u000aIt is a smaller portion than regular size for the same items but since I don't eat a whole lot I find it to be enough. Food is okay. Prices are reasonable.\u000a\u000aThey have another option when you come at other times for a 2 party sharing meal which is listed on the menu. \u000a\u000aOn this particular visit I noticed a young boy was celebrating a birthday so a group of waiters came gave him a small dessert and sang to him. Desserts are also reasonably priced but not overly big.\u000a\u000aI stop here when I want a change of pace and want to save a few dollars on a lunch.
p1611
aVPretty good performance by the Applebee's in Robinson a few days ago. We ordered our food after 10pm, so our appetizer was half-off. We had the boneless BBQ wings, a must-have! My friend ordered the honey chicken macaroni, and he thought it was marvelous. I had the stout sirloin with gravy, and I ordered it rare, but it came out medium. That's the only reason I gave this restaurant a 4/5. If I'm in the area, I'd come back. The server was attentive, the atmosphere was good, and the food was hot.
p1612
aVfour cheese mac and chees with honey pepper chicken is bomb!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
p1613
aVOff and on through out my life I've been crafty, like a fox mostly, but crafty. Pat Catan's is one of the few places that you can get almost, almost everything you need to make some pretty cool stuff. I usually leave missing something, like every time(-1). Now if all I did was stamping or collage, maybe they'd have it. The other good thing is that on a Saturday morning it's packed with girls, ladies, women, you know what I mean :D
p1614
aVMy favorite craft-store.. good prices and selection and the staff well\u000athey are always so helpful!  I just wish the paint supplies were on sale more often.
p1615
aVPat Catan's is an arts and craft chain located in various parts of the city. The reason for my visit was to obtain a grave vase that fits in the ground and fill it with artificial flowers. Currently they have a special going on for Memorial Day arrangements but since my mother was not a veteran I knew that would not be appropriate.\u000a\u000aThe lady let me pick out the vase urn along with the Styrofoam that will hold the arrangement. I was able to find various spring flowers reduced at half price which I thought would make a nice arrangement. She told me that they will make it for me if I would give them a couple of days. I was okay with that since I wasn't in any hurry. They also sell ribbon which either they or you if you have the skill can make into those giant bows that go around the base to make it look pretty.\u000a\u000aThe store is very reasonably priced and good if you are into making your own crafts. They did tell me that they make these grave vases all year so I can come back anytime to arrange for another spray to be made.\u000a\u000aThis store is located at the entrance of McKees Rocks in the site of the former Foodland. My daughter who had just graduated college with a degree in art found the store very interesting for some of the skills she uses. They are also online if you want to look for sales.
p1616
aVThis is another good Giant Eagle. I pretty much like them all. A wrong turn led us to this one a couple of weeks ago where we picked up some items. Huge store as usual.
p1617
aVGiant Eagle is one of Pittsburgh's more expensive grocery chains. I only shop here because it is convenient to where I live. Often times when I'm shopping for produce I find fruit that is overripe and sometimes find mold in them.\u000a\u000aThe one I shop has a small Market District area and is easy to get around. They have a rewards program which is called an Advantage card where for every $50.00 spent you get $.10 off your purchase at their gas station called Getgo You can accrue rewards but they expire after 2 months of non use.\u000a\u000aThey have a floral section and is one of the few places I can find graveside flower arrangements for memorials.\u000a\u000aStill expect to pay more if you shop here. Selection at this particular location is average.
p1618
aVI used to like giant eagle until they decided to monopolize Kennedy Twp by cutting a deal with the local shop n save having them close their doors it forced too many people to one store. They frequently run out of things because of this. The place is crowded and never has enough people working to support the busy holidays. Soon it will be as bad as going to Walmart  I only shop here because of the location and fuel perks.
p1619
aVI went for my brothers bachelor party and one of the dancers pick pocketed my brother !\u000aWe told the security guards which dancer did it and they threw us out of the club.\u000aWe had been buying dances, drinks & having a party,  so watch your pockets and don't get too drunk. \u000aManagement there doesn't care! \u000aVisit another club, this one isn't it!!!\u000aNot a full bar, you pay $20 admission and $1 for a "cup" ...all you can drink.\u000aNo food available\u000aThat should say it all right there.....
p1620
aVWas there second time awesome time very beautiful woman great dancing fairly classy girls free drinks an awesome bathroom attendent had a blast only one that I go to cheap dances
p1621
aVWe decided on Sapporo after reading so-so reviews on Ichiban and Benihana's.  This was a nice surprise. Yes, it is not in the best looking area, and yes, the restaurant may not be as nice as a Benihana.  But the food was quite good.  \u000a\u000aWe had our doubts at first.  We went in the middle of a Sunday afterfoon and the place was empty.  And service seemed to be a little disorganized and distracted.  But once the chef came out and got to work, it was great.  The salad and soup were veyr good, the soup being a little more beefy in flavor than what we were used to.  We then had the fried rice and got a HUGE portion.  We needed a little more soy sauce that what the chef used, but he gladly provided more and the rice was delicious.  \u000a\u000aThen we moved to the main entrees.  Wife had the Chateaubriand and I had the Tenderloin and Scallops.  The meat, although cooked  just a tad past medium, still melted in your mouth,and the scallops were absolutely the best I've ever had!!  Again, huge portions of meat and vegetables, plus a large portion of noodles. Definitely a plateful.\u000a\u000aWe did not get the requisite show you get at this kind of restaurant, but we've seen it so many times, it's kinda boring to me.  Instead, we had a nice conservsation with the chef about the Pittsburgh area.  All in all, this was a very pleasant meal, and I'll definitely go back.
p1622
aVI travel a lot and have eaten at a lot of Hibachi restaurants. I happen to have a project in the Pittsburgh area and was looking for a Hibachi place to take my co-workers. I read several reviews on other Hibachi places and they all sound the same. The typical they are so busy the service sucks and they rush you in and out to turn tables quickly.  I found Sapporo and was very pleased! It is in an odd location but once you step inside, you feel the ambiance of cozy and family style. My party felt the staff was very friendly.\u000a\u000aI had ordered the filet and shrimp with fried rice. The others in my group ordered chicken broccoli, and the Sapporo Deluxe which consists of lobster, filet and shrimp. We all got started with the soup and salads, which was a pretty good size. I didn't want to finish it all because I wanted to save room for dinner. Our Chef was one of the most personable Chef's I have encountered. He was very talkative and really wanted to get to know us. My file was delicious and the fried rice was excellent. They make their fried rice from scratch. It's not prepared ahead of time like I see at most Hibachi places. I can definitely tell the difference. My friend Sam who ordered the chicken broccoli could not stop raving about the sauce that they used. It is unlike soy sauce or teriyaki sauce. We asked the Chef about the sauce and sure enough it is one of a kind. Dan, who ordered the Sapporo Deluxe was very pleased with his meal and couldn't even finish it. Actually we all needed to-go boxes. The portion amount here is incredible. You definitely get your money's worth here!!\u000a\u000aI would highly recommend this place to Hibachi lovers because this place is surely a secret in Pittsburgh. I can not stress how different this place is compared to other Hibachi places. I think this restaurant is family owned and not a chain which I can always appreciate. \u000a\u000aThank you Sapporo for a great Hibachi experience!! I will be back for sure!\u000a\u000aAnh
p1623
aVThe food was alright. Not good. Not bad. And considering the portion, the prices weren't bad either. The service, on the other hand, was terrible. Severely understaffed. Three hours order to check. Worst of all the chef put cooked lobster tail back into the raw shell to serve it. Avoid at all costs.
p1624
aVSapporo is my favorite Japanese restaurant, period. I've found other places that come close, but for me, this is the place I like to spend my money when it comes to hibachi cuisine. \u000a\u000aSapporo is an unassuming place right next to Steubenville Pike's hottest tourist attraction, the Pittsburgh Motel. But don't let the location fool you. Step inside and enjoy a cozy atmosphere. There's a bar at the front, some tables to the right, and the main dining area to the left. There's also that karaoke machine I've never seen used in all the years I've gone here.\u000a\u000aUnlike other Japanese restaurants like Saga (great stuff) and Ichiban, the cooks at Sapporo aren't all about giving an extensive show while cooking. Each of the chefs have a few of the basic crowd pleasers, such as the knife and spatula toss and the onion volcano, etc., but really it's all about the food, which is fine by me. I do sometimes miss when the chefs toss the pieces of shrimp up in the air towards your mouth to catch, but only because no one ever likes to participate in that but me and it's fun to look like a goofball while trying, but that's neither here nor there.\u000a\u000aThe food here is excellent. They've introduced a new look to their menu recently. I don't know if they scaled it down, as I often always order from the same section. I did notice they have a couple of sushi options available. They used to have a full sushi bar, and you can still see that when you walk in, but I'm not sure if they're using it for anything other than just what's on the main menu, which would be a shame if so, as their sushi was always great and you could order it from a separate menu. Again, this may be something they still have that I'm not aware of.\u000a\u000aAt any rate, the starter soup and salad is great. I love the bits of onion in the soup. It's a very strong broth, but not overpowering. The ginger dressing on the salad is something you either like or loathe at any Japanese restaurant, and here I really love it, but I tend to like it everywhere I've had it, so I'm not a real stickler when it comes to that.\u000a\u000aUsually I order the filet mignon and shrimp with fried rice for my main meal, though last time I got the deluxe version of the dish which also includes lobster tail and ice cream for dessert. Either way, it's a great dish. I've also had the chicken and shrimp and have enjoyed it as well.\u000a\u000aNow, my favorite thing here is the shrimp sauce. I call it the "magic sauce." It's of the light pink variety and thin consistency. I'm always disappointed when I go to other Japanese steakhouses and they either don't have shrimp sauce altogether or they have the thicker, mayonnaise-based version, which is OK, but doesn't come close to the awesomeness that is the magic sauce. Apparently it's a secret as to just what goes into it. On one visit our chef joked that its main base was strawberry Quik, which one of the fellow diners at my table believed.\u000a\u000aSo if you get the fried rice here, dump some of the magic sauce on there. It's amazing. Use it for your steak or chicken as well. I find myself doing that and then saving the darker sauce for my grilled veggies, which are also top notch here. Terrific grilled onions and ripe zucchini as well as mushrooms and broccoli. I don't care for broccoli personally, but the rest is excellent.\u000a\u000aSapporo has also started throwing in noodles to the mix. According to the owner this is because other restaurants started doing it, so patrons who came in started asking why Sapporo didn't have them as well. I think they were doing fine without them, as it just adds even more to an already large amount of food, but they are good, if unnecessary.\u000a\u000aThe steak here is great. I've had the sirloin as well as the filet. I always get mine cooked rare, and it is of the melt in your mouth caliber. The shrimp never taste fishy, and the lobster tail is similarly excellent. All around, you get a great meal here for the price.\u000a\u000aI'm not sure which nights are more crowded than not anymore. Sapporo's a funny place in that some weeknights you'll drive by and it's packed and then other nights it will be quiet. I'd suppose weekends draw the biggest crowds. Yet even when it was "packed" I've never had to wait long to be seated at a table.\u000a\u000aSo if you haven't been, give Sapporo a try. It's been there forever. The owner and staff are super nice and they really do care about serving you great food when you visit. They don't do lunches anymore, so it's strictly dinner meals, so be looking at spending at least 20-30 dollars on up for adults, and around 10 or so for kids' meals. It's not some place you would go frequently if you're on a budget, but that makes it all the more a treat when you do go.
p1625
aVBeen to many hibachis, this one is very clean, the building is a little older but the family that runs it does a wonderful job. \u000a\u000aI came here and got the chicken. Spot on, I loved the beef stew it came with- I always think the salad at hibachis are real alright- but the sushi was delicious and the hibachi was wonderful with delicious noodles , veggies, and rice- best I have had in a while because it ain't too salty- many times for me it's too extreme on the salt.\u000a\u000aFree edamame with check in so that was a plus. \u000a\u000aReasonably priced delicious Japanese goodness- seemed like it also had good drinks.\u000a\u000aWill return.
p1626
aVMy boyfriend and I are practically Hibachi connoisseurs so when we visited Pittsburgh for the weekend the first thing we Yelp searched was.. you guessed it, Hibachi! Sapporo was highly rated so we went for dinner on a Saturday night.\u000a\u000aThe restaurant is located in front of a dimly lit motel but don't be discouraged by the facade because once you step inside the door the atmosphere is warm and inviting. \u000a\u000aWe were greeted by the owner's daughter who sat us at an empty table while we waited for the other guests to join us. The owner's son brought us menus to look over and informed us that Sapporo is a family-run establishment. The table quickly filled with regulars who said that Sapporo was their favorite Hibachi restaurant in Pittsburgh, one couple even said that they come for dinner every single Saturday evening. The owner himself came over to our table and began cooking our meal!\u000a\u000aI ordered the Hibachi chicken and broccoli in Sapporo special sauce and my boyfriend ordered the Hibachi shrimp and chicken, both with fried rice. Both meals were good but the special sauce on my chicken was absolutely delicious! Definitely one of the best Hibachi chicken variation that I have tasted and my boyfriend really enjoyed how flavorful his shrimp tasted. The chef, a Korean war veteran, was engaging in our conversation and made you feel as if you were over a friend's house for dinner.\u000a\u000aWe both agreed that we will definitely return to Sapporo the next time that we are in Pittsburgh.
p1627
aVGreat prices, huge portions and friendly environment. Great place!
p1628
aVBest Italian Sausage in the Burgh!  Great to use for sandwiches, spaghetti or grilling.  They also have sandwiches (sausage, meatballs) to eat in or take out.  Stuffed Banana Peppers are out of the world.  Sausage is not greasy with natural casings.  You may have seen Ernie Ricci on Cooking with Chris Fennimore on Qed.  Many restaurants in Pittsburgh use Ricci's sausage.  Some days you can watch them make the sausage thru a window.
p1629
aVI would have taken a picture of my meal but I devoured it too quickly.\u000a\u000aDJ J.   Is correct.    I heard about this place on PBS (What do Pittsburgher's Eat).   They were giving their recipe for the Sausage Onions and Peppers.    We decided to try.\u000a\u000aThey only have tables where you can stand and eat.   They make everything on the premises.   We ate in.   I ordered the Hot Italian Sausage Sandwich and some side meatballs.    The food was awesome!.\u000a\u000aI recommend you find this gem and get your Italian Fix on (or order some of their meats / products and cook it yourself) :)
p1630
aVI have been a fan of Ricci Italian Sausage for as long as I can remember.  My Italian aunts - love Ricci's too. The new location is now in Kennedy Township... located conveniently in the Kenmar Plaza - next to Subway.   The Robinson location is now closed.  I am thrilled about the move its closer to my home.   Hot Sausage, Sweet Sausage, Meatballs etc.   There are frozen food items available too - pasta, sauce, meatballs etc. There is also a shelf in the store stocked with sausage buns, sauce and other items.  I often stop after work to grab dinner because they are open until 6:00.    Specials:  Pazzo Monday: any sandwich or  1/2 sausage roll with a soft drink is $5.99.  Tuesday/Thursday: Mac and Cheese with ground hot sausage $2.75 per serving.   Friday: Sherrys Pasta e'Fagoli $3.75 per serving Wednesday/Saturday: (MY FAVORITE SPECIAL):  Homemade Lasagna - made with homemade sauce, Tallutos lasagna pasta, grande and lamagna cheese and ricci ground hot sausage $4.25 per serving.  I must tell you that the lasagna is my favorite menu item at Ricci and anytime I get it .. when I eat it.. I get into a "zone". And I don't ever share.. yes it's THAT good.\u000a\u000aI love to make my own spaghetti sauce using Ricci Italian Sausage.  I have tried using other types of sausages - like giant eagle brand but you can always tell when its "Ricci's Sausage" because it's a good batch of sauce and everyone raves about it.    \u000a\u000a\u000amangia mangia
p1631
aVCalled for an arrangement for pickup, told the person who took my order that I would be able to pick the arrangement up at 5:30pm.  She asked if I could get there any earlier, I said I would try my best, but I work until 5pm, so maybe not.  She said ok.  \u000a\u000aComes to be 5pm and I get a call from a guy at the shop asking where I was!  The lady who took my order wrote down that I'd be there at 5pm.  I explained that I never said that and picked the arrangement up a little before 5:30pm.  \u000a\u000aArrangement was just OK.  I specifically wanted a lot of orange flowers, which they did, but they added strange colors with the orange... and some of the flowers were already a little wilted.  \u000a\u000aEven though the location is convenient, I will probably go elsewhere for a flower order next time.
p1632
aVI ordered my fiance a small, fall arrangement. It was supposed to be full of gerber daisies, with each one costing around $3. Therefore, I was told that for 7 gerber daisies, along with some other berries and filler flowers, the total would come to around $23. \u000a\u000aThe arrangement showed up with TWO gerber daisies, pathetic looking fillers, and they charged me $35. I won't call here again.
p1633
aVi had a fantastic experience here. I got to the shop just before they weer about to close, but the owner was very gracious about creating an arrangement for me. The flowers were lovely. I would make a special trip just to purchase from this shop again.
p1634
aVThe order process went well and the delivery arrived in a timely manner. I saw a picture of the flowers my friend received and the arrangement  wasn't even close to what was pictured on the website...a lot more filler flowers despite ordering the premium arrangement. I picked this place specifically because of what they offered despite other cheaper places in the area. I am disappointed because I wanted the best arrangement possible for my friend who is going through a tough time. \u000a\u000aI will not order from this place again.
p1635
aVI would give our experience zero stars. Possible negative stars. It's Valentine's Day. An order was placed weeks in advance for a delivery. My boyfriend went to the shop to ask where the delivery was and the woman at the counter could not have cared less that he was perturbed. Weather conditions are not ideal for deliveries today but no attempt was made to communicate that the delivery would be delayed. Just a little "hey, someone is sending you something special, we're doing the best we can". Placate us! \u000a\u000aI received a call at 5:30 saying I needed to be home to receive the delivery! Where's the surprise in that? What if it's just a regular day and I'm getting surprise flowers, would I have to get them myself if I wasn't home? Well, my flowers are not being delivered today. My arrangement is sitting at the shop because I was chosen to be the loser of "who gets their flowers on time". \u000a\u000aThe surprise of my arrangement was also ruined by the shop when they said what it was, how beautiful it was and I'd be very happy. Well, we're not happy at all about the service. At all. Don't know how this place is still in business with the awful customer service.\u000a\u000a\u000aEdit: my flowers were delivered at 1:05 on 2/15 after I told the shop they needed to be delivered by 1:00. They were given a range of 9-1. I was offered a box of Whitman's chocolate as an apology. Really? How about a refund. The arrangement my boyfriend selected is gorgeous but the flowers are wilted and spotted already. I'm pretty sure they ruined any future chances of me getting surprise delivery flowers.
p1636
aVCyril did my sister's wedding and now is working on things for my brother's wedding.  He is wonderful to work with.  Helpful in every way.  My sister's flowers were stunning.
p1637
aVI have received 2 beautiful bouquets from here recently as a gift from my boyfriend. Both of them were gorgeous and lasted a long time!
p1638
aVWe ordered our wedding flowers from Esser's and they turned out to be absolutely beautiful. After a negative experience with another florist, Esser's did exactly what I asked and everything was lovely. We also thought the price was very fair. \u000a\u000a100% recommended!
p1639
aVFrankfurters has only been open a few weeks, but it already has the feel of a hangout, the staff is welcoming and friendly - you'll find yourself chatting with other diners before you know it. The menu is simple and it's clear they care about flavor - you'll get asked whether you want your buns toasted, which to me is the key to a good sandwich anywhere. We had the Chicago-style (tons of veggies and peppers, "dragged through the garden"), and the Chef with kraut and mustard, along with a small order or fries, definitely large enough for two people.  The fries had some skin on, which I really liked. Part of me wished the dogs were bigger, but the prices are so good you should just order two if you're hungry. I'll be back!
p1640
aVOwner is very friendly.  \u000aHotdogs / french fries were very good.  \u000aNice & quiet shop on Lincoln Ave.
p1641
aVKiller food (the Danger Dog is like whoa) and super-friendly service make this my favorite lunch spot in the area. I cannot stress enough the degree to which the food is reasonably priced and well-prepared.
p1642
aVOrdered delivery when staying at the Sheraton Station Square.   It wasn't super fast but wasn't unreasonable (45mins) and the pizza was so good that I ended up eating way more than I intended.  Not too greesey with a nice balance of cheese, sauce, dough, and toppings.
p1643
aVThey don't deliver to me anymore, moved to Lawrenceville.  However, their pizza is good, not too greasy, not too dry.  Nice balance with the sauce cheese and toppings.  They have awesome house rolls, I'm partial to the spinache and feta house rolls.  They are SO delicious.  Pretty cheap.  The delivery time is kind of long, but they are open late, and I love that.
p1644
aVMeh. I've ordered from here twice and not really been enthusiastic about the results either time. Keep in mind that I haven't had pizza from this place yet!\u000a\u000aTheir steak hoagie is middling-good; nothing to write home about, but a pretty good example of the standard Pittsburgh pizza place steak hoagie.\u000a\u000aThe seafood calzone is another story. Something in it was so bitter I couldn't quite eat it; I'm wondering if it was the garlic or perhaps a leftover burnt taste from the oven. Whatever it was, it was gross. The shrimp weren't that good either, suffering as they did from that certain "I taste like iodine" flavor.\u000a\u000aThe advantage to R&B is that they're open reasonably late, given the location, but the phone service is rather surly and it always takes them an hour plus to deliver. Which would be OK if I didn't live a block away (normally I'd just walk and pick it up, but just for you, Yelpers, I subject myself to the vagaries of sitting on my rear end on the couch waiting for my food to arrive).
p1645
aVThe pizza here is great. I always pick up a pizza when i am near Bellevue.  I have only ever eaten their pizza.
p1646
aVR&Bs is very consistent with their food.\u000a\u000aQuality pizza and hoagies, Buffalo Chicken pizza and hoagie are both really good.\u000a\u000aI recommend.
p1647
aVI stopped by here two nights ago as part of a night where I would try three different pizzas in the Bellevue/Avalon area.  I called my order in for an XL pizza ahead of time and was told that I would have a 15 minute wait until it was ready.  Since I only had a general idea of where it was located I ended up parking near it trying to locate it and then driving past it before finally locating it in a small strip mall right next to Lincoln Ave.  There isn't too much to say about the inside of this pizza place except that they have a counter up front with a little bit of room to wait and no customer seating, not that this is a bad thing.\u000a\u000aPizzas in general can be broken down into three separate components: cheese, crust and sauce.  This pizza actually had the least amount of cheese on it of all of the pizzas that we tried but ended up being my favorite which would be surprsing if you know me.  The cheese was not that strong in flavor but the amount of it let it pair perfectly with the sauce which had a nice spice profile (strong on the garlic and maybe some oregano?) coming through it.  The crust on this pizza was the thinnest of the bunch that we tried and was cooked nicely which also had a little crisp which I loved.  \u000a\u000aThe bottom line for me is that I would head back to R & B's again in the future for pizza.  It was easily the most expensive of the bunch that I bought last night at $12.79 after tax for an XL but as the old adage goes "You get what you pay for" and if you like garlic then you should like this pizza.
p1648
aVMy fiancée and I have made R&B's our Friday night dinner tradition for over a year. the food is consistently amazing, and portions are HUGE. Whether you choose to pick up or have it delivered, it's always less then 30 minutes - and can we take a second to acknowledge the staff? Always exceedingly friendly, and happy to accommodate any special requests. Sadly, we're moving out of the area in two weeks, so we won't be able to continue our tradition. But if you haven't given them a try, do it! (might I suggest the Buffalo Chicken sub and the cheese and bacon fries? epic!)
p1649
aVGreat pizza, wings and salads. Haven't tried much else. We love their R&Bs Special pizza. They have specials on combos (two pizzas, pizza and wings, etc). They're pretty quick and have always gotten our order correct.
p1650
aVGet the white pizza with bacon. You're life will never be the same. Never had a bad experience ordering from R&B's.
p1651
aVThe food was ok nothing to rave about but nothing to be to dissapointed about either. I ordered a sandwich with extra meat and was highly dissapointed. I called in to try and get it corrected the guy pretty much brushed me off telling me that's how the do it. I'll let you be the judge by the pic. Well after telling him that i was going to give negative review, he said i was threating him and for me to write my review and hung on me. I waited a few minutes let things simmer down called back and he did send over a free sandwich which was nice, just wish he could have done that from the start. Overall it's decent late night food at a reasonable price, but honestly there's better options during normal operating hours.
p1652
aVThe food here is pretty good which is disappointing because the service is terrible. About 50% of the times we have ordered from here they somehow managed to screw up the food.. tonight they screwed up 2 of the 4 items we ordered! I dont know if the person taking the orders has hearing problems or is just being very careless but either way its very irritating getting food I didnt order.. even if its still good food...
p1653
aVMy boyfriend and I ordered the R&B's Special Pie (no bacon) last night and the greek salad (added artichokes).  So good!  The pizza was one of the best I have had in a long time, and I eat a lot of pizza! The salad was huge and fed us both easily.  It certainly wasn't as cheap as Dominos, but the quality was great and so delicious.  I would give R&Bs at least $$ when it comes to price, but if you are willing to pay the extra money for good quality, then I highly recommend this pizza joint.
p1654
aVThese guys make excellent hoagies. We especially like the supreme Italian and the turkey. Try their pizza, excellent. Don't add too many toppings, you will disguise the great taste of the sauce and the dough. I suggest either plain or pepperoni.
p1655
aVPretty good pizza, awesome wings and okay prices. This is one of the better pizza places around here. I will be ordering again from this place. Must try around the northside area.
p1656
aVThis has been a favorite for years. Quality ingredients and decent prices. Portion sizes are above average as well. I love the Greek pizza, but haven't ever been disappointed with anything I've ordered.
p1657
aVI order from here every week. I've tried all the places near here for delivery, but this is easily my favorite. Fast delivery and good food.
p1658
aVThis place is great for traditional pizza, apps, subs and wings. We always get a classic cheese which is always piping hot and cheesy. To feed our cheese fix even more we order the garlic cheesy bread. Just make sure to ask for extra cheese on it if you want the whole thing covered. Love our local pizza joint!
p1659
aVLots of memories from this place for me.  Their pizza may not be the best in the world but boy does it take me back to the 80's-90's and growing up in Pittsburgh.\u000a\u000aI am slightly disappointed that they moved to a new location in Bellevue.  Their old one, while a bit dirty and run down, had quite the charm to it.  The new place looks too clean cut and it seems like they're trying to be something they're not, which is just a good old fashioned pizza joint.
p1660
aVExcellent pizza - although the mushrooms were from a can. But the crust , sauce and rest of toppings on the Sicilian pizza were delicious. Nice family friendly
p1661
aVA great little place. Delicious and affordable Italian food. Great salads and pasta. Try the pizza rolls!
p1662
aVService was very good..calzone was excellent.
p1663
aVBest pizza in the North Boros.  I can't make a trip to the area without stopping at Luigi's.  When I was a kid, the man himself actually owned the place and made the pizza, but they've since moved to a new location under new ownership...but the pizza is still just as good.  I prefer the thin-crust, but the Sicilian is also excellent.  The fried zucchini is a favorite and the mozzarella sticks are great, too.  The calzones are tasty, but may cause a coronary-- if you expect more than a handful of spinach among cheese in the spinach calzone, you'll be disappointed.  Because it's Pittsburgh, the chicken salad comes with french fries.  I tend to opt for take-out, but there is also a mid-sized dining section.
p1664
aVBest all-meat pizza in the area.  Always done delivery, never eaten in the restaurant, so I can't speak to the dining experience.
p1665
aVI have been eating at Luigi's since before birth (my mom loves this stuff). The new location is nice, but I miss the coziness of the old place. \u000aThe food has been consistent through the transition, which happened a long while ago by the way. Also, I have read a few other reviews that said Luigi's has left but I talk with him every time I am in. Regardless this is a great family owned pizzeria and I recommend the calzone because it is generously stuffed with ricotta :).
p1666
aVI stopped by here this past Tuesday in order to pick up a to go pizza.  My fiance, a friend and I were trying pizza from three different places and Luigi's was one of them.  I have driven by Luigi's many times before and for some reason had never stopped in but that did allow it to come to mind whenever I was looking for a pizza place I had not yet tried in the Bellevue area.  Whenever I called to place my order I was told that my pizza would be ready in about 15 minutes.  I arrived closer to 30 minutes later and was immediately confused whenever I walked into the restaurant.  You see there was a large dining room on the left that was full of people and I didn't immediately see the are where I would get my pizza from.  Finally after a few steps into the restaurant I noticed that the whole back area of the restaurant was where I needed to be and I made my way back there.  My pizza was ready for me and I quickly paid and was leaving whenever the cashier told me "Stay out of trouble".  I really hope that was a friendly sentiment and not one that was based upon my appearance or anything else.  The pizza itself had a medium thick crust with a bland sauce which is weird since I could see a ton of green herbs in it.  The cheese was just ok and nothing special while the pizza itself had a slightly sour taste to it which I did not enjoy.  Out of the three different pizzas we ate that night this one was overwhelmingly our least favorite which was evidenced by the fact that 3/4 of it was left after the evening.\u000a\u000aThe bottom line for me is that I will probably not head back to Luigi's in the future.  I just don't see myself making a trip to Luigi's between the weird experience (although not bad) that I had in the restaurant and the fact that there are much better pizza places nearby.
p1667
aVLuigi's pizza is amazing! The sicilian pizza takes me back to how my grandma used to make homemade pizza. I can't wait to go back - definitely worth the 45-minute trip there :)
p1668
aVRecently I've found myself patronizing Bellevue a little more, namely because I've bought a house in the area, and have been checking out some of the mom and pops along the little strip of Mayberry RFD that is the quaint main street. Luigi's is one of those little mom and pops that offers standard basic Italian in a comfortable setting. It's a little kitchy, red-white-and-green, with Dino and Frankie tunes playing in the background.\u000a\u000aI've stopped in on several occasions now for dinner, with various friends, and the food has been consistent...it's good...satisfying. Not over-the-top gourmet, or even in the remotest sense 'pretentious'. It's just a good ol' night out for some pasta or lasagna, with a side salad, garlic bread and conversation with your pals.\u000a\u000aThe portions are ample, the prices are reasonable, the flavors won't knock your socks off and make you think you've died and gone to Sicily, but they won't make you cringe at having given your money to a profiteering Chef Boyardee either. The service is decent, kind of point blank, not rude, nor over the top friendly. \u000a\u000aThe crowd can fluctuate between 'Oh my god, I'm surrounded by Hillbillies' to 'the local gathering at Mayberry', but that seems to be the norm for most places in da burgh.\u000a\u000aI've not had the pizza, which apparently get raves, because frankly I only think of pizza as coming in a box to my front door when I'm too lazy to do any cooking at home. But I've had three or four of the pasta dishes, and they come in a generous portion, with a side salad and an order of garlic toast. They taste fine, fill you up, and don't break your bank.\u000a\u000aAnd for a local neighborhood joint, that's exactly what I'd hope for. A place you can go to find a dependable and reasonable meal, on a semi-regular basis, in a comfortable setting, with no frills or pretense. \u000a\u000aAnd that is exactly what Luigi's is.
p1669
aVLuigis is the best of the best. Awesome, authentic pepperoni. I have eaten here for years. This place is a tradition in my family and it's still as good as they were 15 years ago. They recently remodeled and have a great menu selection. By far the best pizza in Bellevue and right up there with Fioris as the best in Pittsburgh.
p1670
aVJust ordered delivery from here. The soup was very good. I also would Recommend the specialty salad. I also was surprised at how quickly the order was delivered. It was delivered within a 1/2 an hour.
p1671
aVMy wife and I LOVE this place. Decently affordable, our server is always great and very friendly, the food is delicious and it's a nice home-y atmosphere. The first time we went here, we told the server we were newlyweds and Luigi made us tiramisu and gave it to us for free! Highly recommend.
p1672
aVThis place has great tasting food. I had a italian hoagie and it was great. The pizza is top notch.
p1673
aVThe pizza was ok. It is been the best my husband and I have had in this area. They seem to be the most "authentic" compared to other pizza delivery shops in this area.
p1674
aVI was one of their first customers starting at the old location. I live further away now, but will stop anytime I am near as they quite simply have the BEST PIZZA period of anywhere I've been. I have referred many friends and family and they all say the same. The owners and staff are very friendly and caring people and treat you like family. The other food is good too, especially the wedding soup, although 95% of the time we get the great pizza. The dough, sauce and cheese are second to none.
p1675
aVLuigi's is everything I expected it to be.  A decent place to order an authentic looking and  tasting pizza.  I usually prefer New York style and Luigi's offers it by the slice.  I also ordered lasagna off of their daily lunch menu .  I think there are at least 6 regularly featured menu items to choose from and a drink is included.  Luigi's has a large dining area or customers can walk up to the take out counter if they choose.
p1676
aVThis is a great spot in Bellevue for a quick and decent bite to eat.  It is extremely difficult to find good pizza in Bellevue, so Luigi's is my go-to if I'm in the market for a sit-down pizza.  I've never ordered pizza for delivery from them - for that, I go to Mandy's in West View. Will definitely eat there again while I live in the borough.
p1677
aVI stop by here frequently when I am on my way to work for breakfast. The drive thru is fast but they do tend to get the order wrong. But I will say that I have had more free meals here due to them comping me for all messed up orders. \u000a\u000aThe staff is friendly.
p1678
aVThis is the McDonald's to end all McDonald's, in my book. Here's why:\u000a\u000a~ The Drive-Thru is crazy fast.\u000a~ There are 2 Drive-Thru lanes to keep it crazy fast.\u000a~ Even when they have to make my dog's special no-onion cheeseburger, they are crazy fast.\u000a~ For years, they gave my family's dog Jamie free baby ice cream cones. Jamie didn't need many moments of excitement to be happy, but 'go for ride' was one of them, and 'ice cream time' was another.\u000a~ The drive-thru staff is so sweet to my little pup Lucy when I take her to 'cheeseburger window'.\u000a\u000aSo, I guess what I'm saying is, this is the best McDonald's for dogs and their parents. And as someone who generally only visits McDonald's to reward my dog for good behavior after a vet visit, this McDonald's is just right.
p1679
aVMy orders have come out bad pretty much every time I have ordered from here. The chicken nuggets come out under par. I'm lucky if the fries come out right. My last experience is the last straw. I recently posted a photo of my Chicken Ranch Club. That has no chicken. This is ridiculous. I am done going to this Mcd's.
p1680
aVThis is the place that is close to my house so I go here all the time.\u000aThey are usually pretty good and they definitely got better.\u000aThe orders come out pretty fast and the employers are nice
p1681
aVGreat convenient drive thru stop for coffee.  Double ordering stations minimize the wait time for your order.  Service is always pleasant and reliable.  \u000a\u000aI noticed that the dining room looks spacious and they have  an indoor play area for children.
p1682
aVDelivery is slow and not even close to the best Chinese in the area.  No matter if it's rice or noodles or chicken or pork, everything tastes off--like it's been overcooked in mop-bucket-water.  Try House of Lee instead.
p1683
aVFor what it is and where it is. Not bad at all. Good wonton. And the spicy is actually spicy. I would go back again
p1684
aVWhether you live in Ben Avon Heights, Brighton Heights - or anywhere in between - I urge you to try China Sea.  It is quite simply the best local Chinese delivery.  The people on the phone are helpful and friendly.  The delivery is always quoted at 45 minutes, yet the food always arrives earlier and is always unbelievably hot and fresh.  Some favorites of ours are the Kung Pao shrimp, pork lo mein and hot and sour soup.  I don't mean to compare China Sea to the higher end Chinese restaurants in our area.  It is not Sesame Inn or China Palace; it is not a "date night out" sort of place. It most definitely is a cozy, inexpensive, good quality "stay in and relax" go to.  Hope this helps!  Enjoy!\u000a\u000aps\u000aA few final thoughts while we were going back for seconds; they only use all white meat chicken in their dishes.\u000apps\u000aAlways look at their online coupons, you will get something free!
p1685
aVFor your run-of-the-mill Chinese place, China Sea does pretty well for itself. The food is good, and the people are very nice. The prices are reasonable, and I like that if you order over a certain amount, you can get something free with a coupon (listed on their site). They always say 45 min for delivery, but I've never had to wait more than 25-30 min.
p1686
aVWow. What a shame. My family just moved to the area and have been sampling the local cuisine. We are a very large family and love foods of all kind. We've eaten Chinese food from a hundred different places in a dozen different cities. Hands down, this was the worst we've ever had. Cold, tough, congealed, and tasteless - that's the only way to describe it. I'll never order from here again. Quite frankly, the fact that I took time away from my kids to type this out should tell you how awful it was. My complaints fell on deaf ears. I guess they were shocked that someone thought that they were serving low grade dog food. I understand that sometimes restaurants crank out bad food. It happens. But when it does, you bend over backwards to make it right. Not at this place. I was told that he would have to speak with the owner in order to help me. I guess that's how they deflect complaints - blame it on the owners that aren't there and make the customer for away angry.  Too bad. Because we will be visiting a competitor in the future. This family of 7 won't be visiting China Sea ever again. Oh, and by the way, why can't I give this place zero stars?
p1687
aVThe pros:\u000aYou get a TON of food for your money. If the food was actually decent, this would have been even better because... LEFTOVERS. \u000aThey have coupons on their website that you can use whenever. \u000a\u000a\u000aThe cons:\u000aThe woman who answers the phone is kinda rude. You try to ask her questions and she gets an attitude with you like you're wasting her time. \u000aMy pork dumplings were "fried" only on one side and were raw in the middle. \u000aEverything was pretty darn salty. Yeah, I get it. Chinese food tends to be a little salty, but this was unacceptably salty. \u000aLeftovers... Yes this is also a con because I threw it away. Suffering through it once was enough! \u000a\u000aIf you're craving something made fresh that is spicy and sweet, you're not going to find it here. Just very greasy, very salty, poor excuse for Chinese takeout.
p1688
aVWe ordered from here because Uncle Chen, our go-to takeout place down the road, was closed. \u000a\u000aI ordered the General Tso tofu, a favorite dish of mine, and hubby ordered the beef Mei Fun noodles. We always grab some egg rolls too. The lady on the phone wasn't rude, per se, but she wasn't exactly helpful or answering any of my questions, either (hubby wanted to see about getting a different sauce on his noodles, and I had to ask a few times before she finally answered my question about how large the tofu dish was). I was in a good mood though, so the attitude over the phone didn't bother me. Price was good, typical takeout rates. The good news is that they will allow you to pay with credit cards over the phone, so if you're like me and never carry cash, you can still get delivery. She told me 45 minutes for the food.\u000a\u000aThe food arrived in about 20 minutes (we live half a mile away), it was hot and smelled great. Hubby's Mei Fun looked typical, but he was saddened to see that they didn't exchange the white sauce for brown sauce. The beef was pretty mushy, and didn't taste all that great. The veggies were fresh, and pretty crispy even after soaking in sauce. Noodles were alright, nothing to write home about. My General Tso tofu was delicious, and tasted exactly like the dish I was craving. Fried to perfection, perfect-sized pieces of tofu, and a fantastic sauce. The broccoli was fresh and tasted good. This particular dish only came in one size: Enormous. I think hubby and I just ended up sharing my meal, paired with some mediocre egg rolls.\u000a\u000aSo, long story short, lady on the phone was a bit irritating, delivery was fast, food was fresh, and, depending on what you order, the food quality ranges from so-so to great. If you're looking for a quick fix to your Chinese food craving, this is a good place to order from, although I'll be going back to Uncle Chen before I try China Sea again.
p1689
aVI just moved into my new apartment in the area and called for a take out order. The place had received good reviews so I thought "Why not?" I was hung up on twice before I could even get my order out. We were finally able to place an order and told 5-10 minutes. We live 15 minutes from this restaurant and we left immediately after placing the order. Ten minutes later, my phone rings and it is the man who took our order telling me that he was closed and would not wait for us to get there to pick up our food because he had told us 5-10 minutes. If you are going to order from here, please make sure you stick to their timelines. And if you do go to pick it up and make it there in time, it is very hard to find.
p1690
aVi love china seas we order a lot love their sweet and sour chicen and their General Tso chicken they will mke it to your wants i cant eat spicy food but my son loves it so they will adjust it to your liking eggroll  are good woman that anwered the phone was very nice my food always arrives hot  love you china seas!
p1691
aVIn regards to Chinese delivery, China Sea is the best option around. We have yet to have a bad experience with them. The food is pretty good, and much better than House of Lee! My husband loves China Sea, whereas I would rather order pizza :)
p1692
aVThe shrimp fried rice was orange and only had some onion pieces in it and some carrots and peas that were burnt in it.  There were no eggs or sprouts or anything I would expect in fried rice and there was a random piece of pork in it so I threw it out.  My shrimp egg roll was good though.  It had large deveined shrimp and I was happy about that.  That's why I gave it two stars instead of one.
p1693
aVIf you have any common sense at all, please don't stay here.  Once, it almost burnt down...and I'm pretty sure most of the locals were chanting "burn, baby, burn."
p1694
aVHorrifying.  This place should be ashamed of itself.  DO NOT STAY HERE.  Beyond dirty, just absolutely rank.
p1695
aVcame back to Pittsburgh for a wedding and couldn't find anything in my price range close to the city until i found this motel...it was very affordable....room was okay...cable tv and a/c worked fine....
p1696
aVOMG who wrote the review below? A big fat liar/someone that was paid to write that! I stayed there for an hour this past weekend (my friend and I were both intoxicated and figured laying down a few hours would get us better suited to finish driving home). This place looks like it hasb't been cleaned (or furnished) since the 80s. Literally there was grime on the walls, and squashed, unwiped bug smears too. Ok, so not the best, but for two hours, we could deal. We looked for bed bugs, and didn't see any immediate signs of them- so we laid down to rest. After about 20-30 minutes, we both started itching like crazy. I ran to the bathroom mirror (there was mold all over the bathroom) and saw bed bug bites all on my shoulders, arms, and legs. HORRIBLE!! PLEASE Health Department, shut them down! It's deplorable in there!!
p1697
aVI can't even rate this place! Its absolutely disgusting! I begged the health department to shut them down! I was forced to stay a night here and it was so disgusting! I woke up with bed bug bites all over my body! Just filthy! DO NOT STAY HERE!
p1698
aVThis motel is so ghetto, even the bedbugs carry guns. Don't stay here unless you're looking to indulge your sense of urban adventure. Fact: this motel has an hourly rate. Think of that what you will. The only good thing I can say about the Avalon Motel is, no one has gotten murdered here... recently.
p1699
aVGot bit up . Bed bugs wouldn't believe me I had to show my bite marks .. Even then refused to acknowledge me
p1700
aVI was in need of a pedicure before my beach vacation, so I decided to stop in to Star Nails in Bellevue. I've never had a pedicure before, mostly because I'm super-ticklish, but I felt like it was about time.\u000a\u000aThe salon looks quite nice inside; wood (well, laminate) floors, clean decor, and four pedicure chairs up on the platform on the right. I didn't have an appointment, and waited about ten minutes on a Wednesday evening.\u000a\u000aNancy was my nail technician, and she greeted me warmly and helped me over into the pedicure area. Pro tip: Don't wear a past-knee-length skirt, as it can make straddling the foot bath to get into the chair slightly awkward. Nancy helped me out like a pro and I was all set.\u000a\u000aThe pedicure chairs have a massage feature that reminded me of the Migun massage tables. They don't just vibrate; they knead. The controller is right next to you, so you can stop and start as you like. I just made sure the thing kept running the whole time. The foot bath was nice and warm. I'd brought a book to keep myself busy but turns out all my attention was occupied by relaxing.\u000a\u000aNancy guided me through the steps and the slight language barrier isn't much of a problem. She completely understood that I was super-ticklish from the flinching involved, and somehow managed to be very careful about it. It wasn't at all unpleasant, which is what I'd kind of expected.\u000a\u000aThis is the awful TMI section, so avert your ayes if you are at all sensitive. Since I've never had a pedicure and I tend to walk around either barefoot or in thin-soled shoes, I had quite a lot of callus built up. The removal was kind of disgusting, so I just didn't look, but it didn't hurt at all. I also tend to ingrown toenails on both big toes, and she dealt with them gently and quickly. I was a bit concerned about having that done at a salon, but it's a week later and my toes haven't turned gangrene, so all's well that ends well.\u000aEND TMI\u000a\u000aEven though it wasn't the spa pedicure (not sure what else THAT involves), I got a full foot and calf massage. Polish on and all done! At which point I thought I might as well get a manicure, too.\u000a\u000aThe manicure involved heated mitts and a hand massage, and was very nice. Total cost was $37 plus tip (I gave her $10 for having to deal with my nasty feet). I had some fun conversations with other patrons, and overall a great experience. I'd go back once a day if it were in any way reasonable to do so, but this is getting placed on the once-a-month schedule for sure.\u000a\u000aThe polish from the pedicure is still holding up like a champ after a week. The manicure was pretty well shot after a couple of days, so I'll probably just stick with doing the polish at home, although I can't complain about the massage and cuticle care.\u000a\u000aAgain, I don't have other salons or spas to compare with, but it seemed like a good, basic service with a few little extras. The staff were all friendly and remembered the repeat customers who came in. They do take credit cards, and you can put the tip on the card as well; I brought cash for that as I am not used to salons taking tips on cards.\u000a\u000aThey also offer acrylics (which I don't do), gel nails (which I'd like to try), and nail art. I'm not sure if they do waxing. I am sure that it's a friendly place, that it's clean (important!), and that they made me feel relaxed even though I was beyond nervous going in.
p1701
aVFair prices but good quality... And amazing designs that are custom made.... Plus gel and solar nails are available for those interested... Offers waxing services... Completely renovated and the spa pedicure chair is amazing...
p1702
aVMy Mom was up from Mississippi for Thanksgiving, and claimed to be in dire need of a manicure. I wanted to try somewhere in my new 'hood (Brighton Heights), so I turned to trusty Yelp for advice. Off to Star Nails we went. The inside was bright and tidy, the pedicure stations looked clean and newer, and the ladies were friendly. Unfortunately, the good feelings didn't last long. We each picked a color, and went to our respective technicians. The technician doing my nails as very nice and talkative, but just very inattentive to detail. I got no hand/arm massage, minimal shaping, and the polish application was exceptionally sloppy and thick. Her attempts to clean up the polish all over my cuticles were futile. Their actual technique was strange too, as both technicians had us dry our nails after the first coat was applied. My Mom and I left and almost in unison declared it to be the worst manicure we've gotten. At least the price wasn't exorbitant ($13 + tip each). Perhaps their other services are better, but I'll be giving the other nail shops in the area a chance next time.
p1703
aVI got a pedicure here. Not bad, they were pretty thorough. But two days later both of my big toes were infected and oozing pus where she trimmed my toenails on the sides (which was weird anyway). I hate to rate a local shop down, but man my toes hurt.
p1704
aVI just had a basic pedicure at Star Nails in Bellevue this afternoon and it was horrible.  I was rushed out and my polish wasn't even hard yet.  The woman insisted on putting my sandals on for me and ruined one big toe.  She did the nail over again while stooping by the dryer and was going to leave the gouged polish underneath her repair.  I said I wanted it fixed.  She did, but there is polish stain all around my nail and the polish itself is rough.  When I got home, I noticed that all of my toenails are rough as if it is cheap polish, even though it was OPI.  The person next to me got a leg massage and much better service for the same price pedicure.   At $27, this was more than other places I've been to and  absolutely unacceptable.  While the place itself looked clean, the stylist's rolling cart was not.   If I could give negative stars, I would.
p1705
aVI went get because I'm looking for a reasonable place to get my nails done. A co-worker suggested Star Nail and  gave me a small coupon. I made an appointment since it's close to a holiday. Lisa was very lovely and was eager to keep a conversation going. My nails look OK, a little sloppy for my usual gel, but my toes look amazing. I'm unsure if I'll return...someone mentioned that I should see Simon, but we'll see.
p1706
aVSo, I had my nails done on Thurs and Sat afternoon my index finger chipped. I've been off work and not doing anything strenuous. I am very disappointed with my experience and I don't think I'll be returning.
p1707
aVSimon does my nails and he does it perfect every time. Not very expensive and treats his customers really well.\u000aHappy me!!
p1708
aVAs with all of the fast food restaurants in this area of Ohio River Blvd., this place is dumpy and dirty.  The staff is also poorly supervised ,and I've been privvy to more store gossip, drama, and horseplay than I've ever experienced in any restaurant, fast food or otherwise.  They get so loud back in the kitchen that we will often stop our conversation in the dinning room to wait for them to quiet down a bit before we continue.  The food itself is generally passable.
p1709
aVWe stopped through the drive -thru last night after helping my sister move. It was midnight and thankfully something was open. I ordered nuggets fries and a frosty. My sister ordered the same and Bobby ordered two Jr. Bacon cheeseburgers. Well only one burger was in the bag (we found out halfway Down the road) Bobby said the other burger was dry and they forgot the mayo, & my sisters fries had no salt on them lso she says.. Mine were fine but I kept that to myself to avoid her eating some of mine. Typical older sibling.)\u000a\u000aAnyways I don't normally review fast food that I've had bad experience at bc it happens often, but totally forgetting a burger is not cool..
p1710
aVTERRIBLE! No one expects fast food to be gourmet, but this experience would make corporate cry! Ordered food for 2 adults (full meals) and for one child and was charged for 2 more adult meals, I asked why the amount was so high and the employee said nothing to me, looked the other way and yelled for a manager. Still feeling over charged but not wanting to agitate the situation any further we left with 1 less drink then we ordered, cold food and a soda water instead of sprite because no one changed the syrup. Never again.
p1711
aVWe keep expecting their food to be better than the last time. I've had enough. Ordered two spicy chicken combos yesterday at around 5 o'clock. You'd think the food would be fresh during the dinner-time rush. Well, you'd be wrong. The sandwiches and fries were all lukewarm, and both chicken filets were so dry and tough that they must have been sitting under a heat lamp for hours. We ordered an unsweetened iced tea and a Sprite with no ice. Received an unsweetened tea with no ice and a cup of ice with some Sprite in it.\u000a\u000aWe've previously been treated rudely for having the gall to use the drive thru 20 minutes before closing time. I'm trying to remember if we have ever been served a satisfactory meal there, but I'm having trouble coming up with a single example. I can only assume that the manager is never there or is so incompetent as to defy belief. This location coasts by solely on the reputation of other Wendy's. Do yourself a favor. Go to Burger King or McDonald's down the road, or hike up to the Wendy's at West View Park.
p1712
aVWorst fast food I've ever been to. A couple years ago, this was a nice place. It took a long time for someone to answer the drive thru and then the guy working the drive thru was very hard to understand like he had food in his mouth and basically clueless. Once our order was finally understood, it then took a very long time to get our food. I thought we were overcharged, but rather than deal with the clueless gentleman I decided to just move on.
p1713
aVSmall vet clinic just off of Rt. 65 in Avalon offers friendly service and extremely reasonable prices.  With the frequent visits for vaccinations that a puppy has to have, it's hard to find a place that won't break the bank while providing proper care for your dog.  Dr. Bigger has been great and I would certainly recommend Avalon Vet to any local pet lover.
p1714
aVThey kept trying to staple my poor dogs infected wound. After taking her to another vet, I was educated about wound care. After she was treated properly, she healed quickly.
p1715
aVFor over 20 years the Avalon Veterinary Hospital staff has treated my pets: cats, rabbits, fish, and a turtle.  The prices are very reasonable, and I've never been charged for follow-ups.\u000a\u000aDr. Fitzgerald provided an affordable diabetes treatment plan for my cat to prolong his life; the prognosis went from a few months to three healthy years.  When my cat suddenly had kidney failure from diabetic shock, I was only charged for the treatment--not the emergency appointment fees. The staff was extremely considerate when my cat passed--some who knew him were even crying.\u000a\u000aMy other cat gained a reputation as a menace.  But the staff never complained--not even when she required four people to hold her down just to get her shots.\u000a\u000aWhen I was sold a diseased turtle a a child, Dr. Moore was very kind and did not charge for the visit nor the medication.  He recognized my interest in science and patiently answered all of my 11-year-old questions.  He even showed me how he made slides and how his microscope worked. (I later studied biology and worked as a lab tech, so thanks.)  Dr. Moore also took exemplary care of our rabbits, who all lived unusually long lives.\u000a\u000aOn a practical note, they require ALL animals to be in a cage or on a leash.  I once had a well-behaved cat, who was too sick to chase the dogs, wrapped in a blanket since his collar would have been over an open wound...But they generally enforce the cage/leash policy for the safety of all animals.  There is a small parking lot next to the clinic or you can usually park pretty easily on the cross-street.
p1716
aVI've had great experiences at the Avalon Veterinary Hospital.  We've taken our dog there for routine things (shots, ear care), and also for a mystery sickness which the vet was very involved with diagnosing and treating (she actually called to check up on him personally).  The staff remembered him and loved seeing him visit.  \u000a\u000aI've recently taken my cat here, who has a growth on his arm.  He has to have it removed, which Dr. Bigger explained can be done there and quoted me an EXTREMELY reasonable price.  \u000a\u000aI am so pleased with the services my pets have gotten at the Avalon Vet I wouldn't think of going elsewhere.  The staff and the vets are all extremely friendly and knowledgable.  \u000a\u000aThe only thing keeping it from 5 stars is that it location is pretty small, and the exam rooms are only divided by curtains (no doors).  Sometimes my cat gets pretty stressed if a dog is in the room next to him.
p1717
aVWhere to begin. I guess I'll start with me taking my last cat there about two years ago because I was worried he was sick. He cried constantly when I left his sight. I assumed he was trying to tell me something so I brought him to AVH where he had been seen before. The vet simply wrote "meows too much on" on the chart and prescribed Valium. \u000a\u000aHoping to get a different vet next time I took my other cat there. Everyone is always very kind and loving to him, but it always takes the vet at least 40 minutes past the appointment time to see him. Not to mention, they are always so overbooked that I am forced to sit in the waiting area with at least 4 barking dogs at once. Their owners try to calm them, but my cat shudders and shakes in his cage and I am unable to hold him and comfort him. You try holding a scared cat in a room full of dogs. I won't be returning to AVH.
p1718
aVIf I could give Dr. Bigger 10 stars I would! He makes that hospital. If this review was on Dr. Moore I would give it a minus 10....he is terribly rude. I am moving back to Sewickley and will plan to use Dr. Bigger for sure. He is the best vet I have ever experienced...so detailed, so caring..I just love him and so do my animals...
p1719
aVDo not take your pet here! If you are new don't bother establishing a relationship. If you have been there in the past, be warned, it's under new ownership and all of the doctors and vet techs that have been there for decades are gone. Prices have increased dramatically with the new owners. My pet's annual visit was over well $100. Outside of annual exams office visits are more than $50 and that does not include anything they may do (shots, tests, blood work) and exclusive of the hazardous waste disposal charge. Also, they quit carrying a lot of medicines and clients are now forced to use a mail order pharmacy. I was a loyal client to Avalon Vet for my whole life, but the changes I've seen in the past year are absurd. Prices increased, cameras everywhere, hiring vets that have decades of bad reputations around this area. Not to mention I had to argue with the manager to get a copy of my pet's records. The last thing the establishment, under the new owners, cares about are their client's pets.\u000a\u000aAlso, do not take their Facebook page seriously. They censor it, removing anything the slightest bit negative, to paint a completely different picture than what they are.
p1720
aVMy puppy was admitted here 6 days ago. In very poor shape. I was scared he wasn't going to make it. And being it was my 4 yr Olds new dog made things a bit harder on us. They called 2-3 days a day with updates and did everything they could to help renegade and to also make me feel better. 6 days later my puppy came home and is still in recovery. But doing alot better.i can't thank there entire staff enough for saving my dog.!! Will continue to take my dogs there and recommend them to everyone I know! Special thanks to Dr v and Lenny !
p1721
aVThe only vet I will use from now on! The staff is amazing! From the receptionist to the vet. It really does take a team to provide great service. I was bringing my cat in as a new patient with concerns about his back leg. They fit me in the next day! I called them at 4:30 pm on Monday and they had me in Tuesday at 5:30! This alone was amazing on account that the vet I use to take him to never returned my calls. The vet (Kouch I maybe spelling that wrong) was so patient with my not so happy cat. She diagnosed the issue. It was his poor back. They filled a prescription, updated his shots, and didn't run any test that weren't necessary. I want to trust the vet to provide the care that my animal needs, not run me through the ringer. I will do anything for my cat. For them to be honest about what is necessary and what's not put my mind at ease that he was getting the treatment he needed and no unnecessary test that would only stress him out.  Great job! Hopefully we will be back for just shots but if anything else does come up you will be seeing me and tyty again.
p1722
aVI've been taking my dog and cat here for years and I keep coming back. Just in there last night for a late evening appointment and the doc and the technician were both very helpful in walking me through some treatment options and also in recommending, based on my dog's age, which treatments were worth doing and, more importantly, which ones probably weren't.\u000a\u000aVery happy with the service at the Avalon Veterinary Hospital.
p1723
aVThey do NOT care about animals.  I had been taking bothof my dogs there for 4 years for regular veterinary care. My youngest dog came down with stomach cancer while I was unemployed, she needed to be euthanized and I made an appointment, put my poor bloated sick dog into the car and took her for her final visit.  They demanded I pay up front before she was even seen by a vet and I asked for billing, having been a years-long patient who has always paid I didn't think it would be an issue, especially considering the pain my dog was in.  They refused to do the euthanization and would rather leave a sick animal (years long animal patient of theirs! ) in pain and suffering than to do the courtesy of sending a bill to a regular customer.  DISGUSTING.   Who does that? Never will I take another animal there, I now have a new vet that actually cares about animals and how they feel and whether they are in pain.\u000a\u000aUPDATED FEB 2016: Owner of this veterinary practice finally figured out what Yelp is and contacted me for details about my experience.  I provided her with the necessary information and she harassed me implying my dog was not a regular patient because there were a few years that she didn't have a visit.  Well no, she was in good  health and didn't need to be seen. Regardless she had been seen there at least 5 times since 2008.  That was who we considered our vet.  She then insisted my dog HAD been euthanized there (SHE WAS NOT ) and asked me to change or remove my Yelp review even though I had asked her to please stop contacting me because I didn't want to have to emotionally relive this HORRIFIC experience every time she contacted me.  I am not changing my review nor am I removing it.  This review was the truth of what happened. So if that gives you a little more insight into how this business is run, there you have it.  PS: Check Google Reviews for more sad stories and also Search Avalon Veterinary Clinic Pittsurgh on Facebook for yet another horror story from another patient from October 2015.
p1724
aVPlease please read!  They do not care about animals, at all.  They used to be owned by wonderful people, but now they are owned by people who care about money and not your animal.  We took our dog here for surgery for bladder stones and less than 2 months later she died because she was "full of cancer"!  How did this vet miss this on blood work and when they performed surgery on this dog?? Shady to me!  After the surgery, when our dog fell ill, we took her in to be seen, it was obvious she was in dire condition.  The vet here did testing only to recommend taking the dog to a speciality hospital, because she needed a sonogram and they don't have that equipment.  It was obvious that someone needed to look inside the dog to see what was the matter!   Did the vet not know what she was doing or did she do the uneccesary tests to make money?  Either way the result was the same.  Please I want to save someone from the awful pain of what has happened to me.
p1725
aVUnfortunately Dr. Ann's response to my review is not an accurate account of what occurred.  It amazes me that after the fact people justify their actions.  I'm wondering why you recommended sending Abby home with an iv?  My father had to ask where to take Abby so she could get the care she needed.  Only then, after you performed unnecessary tests did you tell him about the specialty hospital. The care you provided our dog was awful and I hope no one has to go thru what we did.  I stand by my original post.  This vet is only out for the money.  Yes, anger does play a role....what you did to Abby and my family would make anyone angry.  Look at your other reviews...they have a common theme.
p1726
aVThis is my favorite 'event' restaurant (by which I mean, spendy, but definitely worth it for special occasions).  It is great for intimate birthdays, celebrations, etc.  Whatever karmic intervention gave the 'Bustling Borough of Bellevue' this restaurant makes me think we, as a community, has done something right. \u000a\u000aBut more importantly the food...  Oh, the food!  The owner/chef takes so much care, it makes the whole experience very enjoyable.  I have never had a bad meal.  \u000a\u000aI
p1727
aVMy boyfriend and i went here last night. the restaurant is dark romantic and the decor is amazing. There are photographs of the owners and chefs family on the walls.... its cute. My boyfriend called ahead and told them i was vegetarian and the chef prepared a couple of things for me.  There is no set menu and the waitress reads out what the chef has prepared for the night there are 5 courses. an appetizer, pasta, main course, a salad and and dessert. I thought the salad after the entree was pretty interesting . They are also very generous with the bread which i LOVED!!!!\u000aEvery meal was made to perfection. It had a homey feeling .....\u000aMy boyfriend had some scallops that he is still talking about.  My entree was spaghetti squash with mushroom wild rice and berries and limed artichokes. There were soo many flavors and all the ingredients were balanced. The service was great.\u000a All in all it was an amazing experience. The chef came out to say hi at the end of the night...... i finished off my dinner with the creme brulee and some coffee. Our bill came to $120 with tip and it was absolutely worth it .\u000aThis is a great restaurant for a super special occasions and  it is very private.Not to dressy and not too casual.\u000a Pick out a great bottle of wine or two and get ready to get your taste buds blown.\u000a Im pretty sure my boyfriend and i will be going back.
p1728
aVYes!!!!!!\u000a\u000a\u000a\u000a\u000aGreat service!\u000aGreat Food!\u000aLove the BYOB!!! ($5).
p1729
aVI recently received an orchid as a gift from here, and it's lovely and bloomed quickly.  They do bouquets, corsages, spectacular arrangements, and also sell knickknack-type gifts if you need a last-minute present for grandma.  The staff is welcoming without hovering too much.  The prices are comparable to the grocery store florists, but Dietz offers more flair and fresher-looking flowers.
p1730
aVMy sister lives in Bellevue, and I have used Fred Dietz Floral twice now to send her flowers (I live out of state).  The woman who answers the phone is amazing- she is kind, helpful, and professional.  Being remote can make this process difficult, but she is very descriptive, and willing to make your desires work in your price range.  My sister says the arrangements have been lovely and lasting.  I highly recommend patronizing this business.
p1731
aVDon't let their name fool you!  This establishment specializes in other goods and gifts other than flowers..  They have a very nice collection of jewelry, clothing, handbags, seasonal decorations, and much more. There is even an antique store on the lower level of their shop.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  They have regular open house events for the holiday season.  Very comfortable environment.
p1732
aVI was organizing a big luncheon at work and I thought fresh flower centerpieces would be nice.  I was pleased with the selection of loose flowers for customized arrangements.   \u000a\u000aI wanted to just pick a bunch of flowers and take them back to the office and arrange myself.   I had the pleasure of working with "Beth" at the store. She was extremely helpful during my visit to scope out the selection of flowers and the 2nd visit.  Not only were the prices great on the loose flowers .. some pieces of green were included - at no charge so my single flower centerpieces were complete!  \u000a\u000aOn top of the great selection and customer service ..  I was able to stay well below budget. \u000a\u000aIf you are in the area I recommend checking out the store. There is a lot more than flowers.. plenty of unique gifts.  Everyone is so friendly too.  \u000a\u000aThank you Fred Dietz Florist
p1733
aVGraduation time called for a special bouquet of flowers for my lovely daughter so I called Fred Dietz in Bellvue because I've had positive prior purchases in the past.  The gal who answered the phone had TOP NOTCH customer service skills with the order.  When I pick up the bouquet, I paid the $30 for the flowers.  An average price, I'm ok with that.  I did notice that the flowers were loose inside the tissue paper and I asked the cashier for ribbon to tie them together and she said to me.."Well, we sell ribbon".  Humph!  I also absolutely must mention that she was training another gal on this while transaction so she was not new.  I cannot imagine 25 cents worth of ribbon, if it would have been even that much would have broken the store.  It was poor customer service, and for that I'll take my business elsewhere.  Just fyi...picture attached.
p1734
aVI think it is ridiculous that they say they need more clients!  I was all ready to be a new client.  I had a 12:30 appointment with them, and when I arrived at 12:30 on the dot, the place was locked and dark and no one was there!  I waited for five minutes (in the rain), and they still didn't show.  I called and left a voicemail saying that I was still willing to wait, and I understood if there was some confusion, but could they call my cell (I gave them the number, as I had previously given my home number when I made the appointment).  I waited nearby at a coffee shop, went back after another five minutes, and it was still locked and I hadn't received a call.  And I am definitely not estimating the time, either.  I was willing to wait a bit, and I looked very closely at the time on my phone to be sure that I wasn't jumping the gun on calling and then leaving.  Finally, I went on with my day and when I got home, they had left a voicemail on my HOME PHONE, which I had specifically asked them not to call, saying, "Oh hi.  Sorry you missed me, but I was MAYBE two minutes late at the most.  I hope you haven't left, but you should just call back to reschedule.'  Seriously?  When I was waiting, another woman came to the door.  I thought she worked there, but she was just another client, also trying to get in!  When I told this story at another local business, the women there said that I was probably the fourth person who had had this same experience at this place.  I couldn't believe it.  This place is the worst, and I have never even stepped inside!
p1735
aVNow I'm picky about my hair, but Mane Attractions was so bad that I walked out after about 15 minutes of watching the stylists work on other clients.\u000a\u000aI had desperately needed a haircut and walked in for a major trim and re-shaping of my layers.  First, the girl at the counter said my hair might be "difficult" due to the length (it was nearly long enough to sit on at the time) and that I would probably have to stand while it was cut.  Weird, but okay.  Second, no one there knew anything about donating to "Locks of Love," and I feel like salons should be aware of things like that.  I needed a cut so I went for it anyway.\u000a\u000aI watched the two stylists while I waited for my turn.  One stylist told the client whose hair she was cutting that she was going to do something other than what they discussed because it "wasn't looking right."  Ummm, okay.  The other stylist was too busy checking her phone every three seconds to notice she was yanking on her client's hair so hard with the comb that she was giving her poor client whiplash.\u000a\u000aAt that point, I just pretended like I had received an urgent text and said, "I have to leave, so sorry "as I bolted for the door.
p1736
aVI have been getting my hair cut and hi-lighted at Mane Attractions for over 5 years, by Sue, the owner. I am always extremely happy with the way my hair looks.   My hair is very fine and I don't have a whole lot of it, but Sue does wonders with it, especially with my latest cut. I never wanted it shorter than shoulder length, but decided recently to make a change. Because I'm getting older, and other methods of increasing the volume and amount of my hair were too expensive, or didn't work,  I wanted to try a shorter cut. The cut she gave me made my hair look much thicker. I have had several compliments on the cut, one from another hairstylist who worked at Regis. Sue is also reasonable, charging $80 for my cut and hi-lights. I will admit that I had to wait outside the salon once when I was the first customer of the day, but that was once in over 5 years. I will take an occasional late opening in exchange for the great cuts/color I get!
p1737
aVLet me just tell you, I have really, really difficult hair.  type 3b Naturally curly, 100% grey, I dye it dark and mess with the color myself. ( never good)  If you want to know where to get a good haircut you ask someone with my hair. Since I have been going to Mane Attractions I have really LOVED my hair. I have been going there for about 4 years. Kristi was even able to cut my curly hair into a short reverse bob without making me look like i was wearing a helmet. ( you curly girls know what I am talking about). I have had nothing but complements on my hair and even my mom( who is always honest) is impressed. The only complaint I ever have is that yes, sometimes I have gone there on the spur of the moment and it has been closed during the week. I just know to call and schedule things. it is a small business and I get it.  P.S. kids haircuts are only 10$ and My daughter loves it.
p1738
aVKrispy Creme? Grocery store cakes?  Git ahta tahn.... when it comes to donuts, pastries, and cakes they don't hold a wisk to Lincoln Bakery in Bellevue (or most Western PA bakeries for that matter).  Their cakes hit the top of my list (with Edy's downtown coming in second).  The batter is light and moist while the icing is smooth -- not too sweet - not too 'lardy'.  By all means, feel free to give them a decorating challenge as their peeps got mad skillz.\u000a\u000aIn my experience, Pittsburgh natives don't seem to realize how good their sweet tooths have it here, till they move away.  So, when I travel westward for the holidays I bring some Lincoln Bakery sweets along.\u000a\u000aI highly recommend their Burnt Almond Torte with either custard or lemon filling for nearly any occasion.  I get these for corporate gatherings often and they always go over well - and you know what they say about trying to please everyone!\u000a\u000aI'd suggest giving them a few days to a weeks notice as they keep pretty busy.\u000a\u000a(As a side note: though I rave about their donuts, pastries, and cakes.... for cookies I'd recommend Moi's Italian Bakery in Monroeville).
p1739
aVThe Lincoln Bakery did my wedding cake - White cake, chocolate mousse filling, and buttercream icing... it was fabulous! We got so many compliments, not only did it look beautiful but it tasted great!
p1740
aVQuite possibly the best bakery in Pittsburgh.  It's got everything from the low-end (cookies, cupcakes, donuts) to the high (wedding cakes, tortes, tarts).  Make any special or large orders weeks in advance.  The tastiest wedding cake I ever sampled was from here: smooth buttercream icing with alternating raspberry and lemon filling in white batter.
p1741
aVIn one word, unbelievable. Their cakes are incredibly delicious. Despite the 20 minute trip from my house, I purchase all my cakes from here. The cakes are incredibly moist and the butter cream icing is just the right amount of sweet. My favorite cake is a yellow cake with FUDGE icing (not chocolate but FUDGE)!! I've also had the raspberry filling and would recommend that as well. They are incredibly creative with their decorating of the cakes including wedding cakes but if you want something specialized (nonstandard icing, etc) be sure to call ahead and place your order in advance. Warning: Saturday mornings you will surely encounter a very, very long line whether picking up your order or just swinging by for some goodies. \u000a\u000aEven better than their cakes are their petit-fours (chocolate with chocolate icing or white with vanilla icing). I've ordered them for bridal showers or just stopped by to pick one up for myself. They are the perfect size for one person (if you aren't on a diet). They do sell out of these so place an order ahead of time if you want a large order or stop by early in the morning to make sure you can get them. \u000a\u000aI've gotten cookies from here and they were average. I think this is the best bakery in the Burgh for cakes but not necessarily all other pastries and breads. \u000a\u000aThe only reason I didn't rate the bakery 5 stars is their customer service which is borderline horrific. They are never friendly and whether you are calling to place an order or standing at the counter, they just want to get the order taken and move on to the next person in line. The cakes are good enough that I put up with the service but be forewarned.
p1742
aVI love Lincoln Bakery so much.  We just got a birthday cake from here today, and everyone at the party loved it.  I seriously cannot believe how gorgeous it was.  For fall cakes and cupcakes, I can't even imagine anyone making anything prettier!  The icing is wonderful, although the colored icing is sort of bitter (but I think that is the case anywhere).  The white icing is just perfect and not too sweet.  When I told my neighbor that I was coming here tonight to pick up the cake, she immediately asked me if I had ever had the carrot cake.  Yes, I have, and it is amazing!  The burnt almond torte rivals Prantl's.  I think the girls who work there are so nice and helpful.  And I love all of the homemade candy that they sell.  It is just the sweetest local gem.  Love Lincoln Bakery.
p1743
aVLincoln Bakery is yet another local bakery I've been meaning to try.  When a Google Offer came up, I took it so I would have no excuse to keep avoiding it.  The place has a nice neighborhood bakery feel; as I took in the many selections it seemed that everyone who came in was a regular.  There weren't many people when I was there (it was still relatively early) but I got the impression that at times there can be a line to the door.  \u000aOne thing that I didn't like was although they had many pastries to choose from, nothing was labeled.  So I had to keep asking what things were.  The cinnamon roll was okay, nothing spectacular.  But the pastries I got were very good.  I'd recommend checking it out.  I know if I'm ever in the neighborhood I will stop in for a treat myself.
p1744
aVBest bakery in Pittsburgh! Having grown up in Bellevue I am very familiar with Lincoln. Every cake my family ever purchased has been from here. The icing is delicious. They have very cute cupcakes and themed cakes for holidays as well.  The staff is friendly and helpful. I no longer live in Bellevue but still go back to order cakes for any events I have.
p1745
aVLincoln Bakery is great.  My family has been ordering cakes from here for years, and I always request one for my birthday each year.  We probably order about 10 cakes a year from Lincoln Bakery, and often it's the same one:  the simple and delicious chocolate cake with chocolate icing.  If you like chocolate cakes, try it, and I bet you'll like it.
p1746
aVCookies aren't bad.  Haven't had a reason to buy cakes or other pastries.  Staff is friendly and it smells like heaven.
p1747
aVMy daughter CAN'T pass by here without asking to get something.  All I can say is you had better bring your sweet tooth!
p1748
aVLincoln Bakery makes very delicious donuts, pastries, and desserts. Their bread selection, however, was very limited and upon making our choice the quality of the bread was mediocre. We were also disappointed that many of the things in the shop are not labeled and when the store is busy it can be difficult to find staff to explain what different options are. Still, this should be a go to for a local bakery if you are looking for something sweet.
p1749
aVI ordered a cake for a baptism. I did a search on the best tasting cake around Pittsburgh and after reading reviews, Lincoln bakery was the one we had to try.\u000a\u000aI called them a week ahead, they told me the design they would do and after seeing some pictures on their Facebook page I trusted it will work out so I went ahead and ordered it. \u000a\u000aIt was a big hit! Some of my family members were getting seconds. \u000aThe cake wasn't too sweet and the icing not too "buttery". I will have to say that next time I need a cake I will order from this bakery, and maybe try some of the other things they carry in their store.
p1750
aVGot a key lime pie from this place. It was horrid. Icing was stale cake thick, crust was not even crunchy or had taste, and the key lime was weak. Pie looked it it was sitting out for a day or 2.
p1751
aVOn October 11 2014 I placed a 140.00 order for tortes and cookies to be picked up the following Saturday and was told no problem. when I placed the order the girl taking the order was new so another girl helped but her attitude was very poor and told me that I had to put down a deposit and pay 10.00 for trays for cookies and they don't tray tortes. I told her that was fine and I paid the order in full. the following week I showed up and my order was never placed so they had nothing. No manager or owner could be reached and the poor girl waiting on me was so shook up. The Girl that had the attitude the week before and was suppose to place the order  was very nasty and insisted that it had to be under a different name.Long story short we had to make shift the order and put up with a very sarcastic counter girl. I will not return to this place again. I have been using them for years and never saw a business run like this. My daughters worked for years for a well known bakery in college and said were never left alone like this. Unfortunately a man beside me came in to pick up cupcakes for his childs birthday and it was paid for and experienced the exact same thing as I did. Shame on you Lincoln to run a bakery like this. Oakmont Here  I come. Oh and as for the cookies I got no trays and 4 dozen of sugar cookies that all looked the same. the girls that took the order were there and one whispered to the other wondering if they would be fired over this and the smart mouth answered no they don't worry about stuff like this and the lady just needs to get over it!
p1752
aVLove,love,love Lincoln Bakery! My absolute favorite is the chocolate pudding cake. It comes with mounds of chocolate shavings on top. They also gave fantastic carrot cake and cheese cakes. Always something delicious in the pastry counter. \u000a\u000aThe seasonal cakes are always so creative and fun to look at in the window.\u000a\u000aThe staff there is pretty great as well. Especially Dottie. She's been there for years and is always so kind.
p1753
aVI'd give this a true 3.5, but am rounding up in good faith. I walked in to get an iced cake for a going away party. I knew I might have to sacrifice quality because I didn't place a call-ahead order.\u000a\u000aThe cake was delicious--icing was creamy and not too sweet. I was happy there were about 5 different pre-made cakes I could choose from: vanilla, chocolate and marble in pink, blue and green styles. Workers were friendly and helpful. (Lady said the burnt almond torte was a customer favorite so I'll be back to try!)\u000a\u000aWhat I was disappointed with was the icing job. Felt like I could have done a better job with spacing and lettering than the worker who helped me. She may have been inexperienced but I expect someone working at a bakery to at least be able to write the basics. Feel like it ruined an otherwise lovely cake. \u000a\u000aThere was a wide selection of cookies, cakes (large and individual sizes) and fresh-baked donuts. I'll be back to try more from this local bakery, just be wary about getting cakes iced on the spot!
p1754
aVLincoln Bakery is a top notch bakery in the Pittsburgh area which I feel is on par with other high ranking bakeries in the area such as Prantls and Oakmont Bakery.  I love that they have slices of many of their cakes and cheesecakes available for individual purchase.  I purchased an assortment of these to take to a dinner party and they were all gobbled up and it was a great way to allow everyone to try small bites of a variety of treats.  My personal favorite was the Chocolate Mousse cake because I love chocolate and it was sweet without being overly sweet, creamy, with the right balance of sweet and bitter from the chocolate.  I also sampled the tiramisu which was delicate with just a hint of espresso and the cream was perfect.  The best thing was that while the desserts were all obviously sweet they weren't so sweet that it was sickening as I've experienced with more commercial cakes from grocery or big box stores.  The other cakes that I bought and all of which the dinner attendees loved were the lemon cake, the oreo cheesecake, one called the sweet spot that had chocolate and peanut butter, and finally a white cake with chocolate frosting.  It is close to my neighborhood so I will definitely return the next time that I need baked goods for a special occasion.  They are closed on Sunday, but the great thing is that they have extended hours the rest of the week until 8 PM M-F and until 7 PM on Saturdays.
p1755
aVMy new favorite stop.  If you like carrot cake this is certainly the place to try and you will not be disappointed!  Truthfully, I did not know what to expect during my first visit but everything I have purchased since then has been fresh and satisfying.
p1756
aVHad to make a trip to Leetsdale to visit a client and found myself in an area where I struggled to find a place for goodies.  \u000a\u000aA quick yelp search revealed Lincoln Bakery.\u000a\u000aThis place is awesome and it is now saved in my GPS for future stops.  Highly recommend.
p1757
aVI've never had anything bad from here! Their buttercream icing is more buttery than it is sugary. It's amazing. Plus they have the coolest Holiday cakes!
p1758
aVWe got our wedding cake from here and had TONS of compliments on it.  It was very delicious.  My biggest complaints when it comes to cake, is when it is dried out, but that was definitely not the case here.  The icing was phenomenal too.  I hate when icing is too sugary and sweet, but once again Lincoln bakery didn't disappoint.  \u000aSince I currently live in Bellevue, we often times take a walk down here on our Saturday mornings in the warm months to pick out a delicious breakfast treat.  We've had their coffee cakes, their donuts, muffins, cinnamon rolls,  and plenty of other things.  They've all been pretty good.  They're never anything out of this world or amazing, but good, solid, bakery products, and since the prices are so wonderful, I really can't complain.  Actually, while I'm writing this review, I'm starting to think maybe a walk this coming Saturday is in order for breakfast.  mmmmm
p1759
aVTried the lemon Charlottes and chocolate volcanos, not too bad. The prices were at a decent point and the pastries were average. Good enough to satisfy our cravings, we would go back. And the staff were all nice.
p1760
aVI ordered my wedding cake from the Lincoln Bakery and was very pleased with the results.  My cake--and I'm not just being partial here--was the tastiest wedding cake I ever had.  As I lived in another state at the time, my mom went to sample the cakes and was given exceptionally large samples--in fact, she was given entire cakes.  We ended up going with a yellow cake with alternating tiers of fresh strawberry and lemon filling.  The staff was helpful, and adaptable when I inevitably changed my mind about the design.  The bakery was able to delivery the cake to my location, and it arrived fresh.  Unlike most wedding cakes, this cake was incredibly moist, and the buttercream icing was smooth and not overly sweet (which I hate).  My venue saved the top tier; my husband and I didn't wait until our first anniversary to eat it--we ate it that week!  Highly recommend.
p1761
aVJesse is old school. The place has been there forever and he does everything himself from what I can tell. He's a sweet Italian man who still gets down on his knees to hem your dress. I had him hem and take out a dress I suddenly needed for a wedding and he did a great job. It needed taken out pretty significantly, but he made sure to hide his work so you couldn't tell. The lining didn't match and it couldn't be let out all over, but I think that was the dress rather than him. It was a little more than I expected- $100, but he called to let me know he was ordering more lining since he couldn't get enough from the hem. \u000a\u000aHis shop is tiny- be careful, if you're standing by the dressing room looking at yourself in the mirror in a dress that's too small, you're the first thing the next customer sees when they come in. But Jesse is very sweet and careful, though I think I'll stick to hemming my own jeans.
p1762
aVJesse worked miracles and altered a complicated dress within a few days.  He is very old school and knows what he's doing.  So glad to have him in my neighborhood!
p1763
aVMy family takes all of their items to Jesse--he's the best!
p1764
aVI stopped into Discount Tire Center on 65 in Bellevue because one of my tires was slowly dying.  I had planned to get two new tires.  Admittedly, this place looks a little scary...to me anyhow, but as a girl by herself all garages are pretty intimidating.  I didn't know how these things worked...did I need to call ahead for an appt?  I needed new tires ASAP, so an appt wasn't an option.  Luckily, the guys at Discount Tire Center took great care of me.  \u000a\u000aI pulled in, hesitantly got out of my car and wandered into the garage.  A man promptly greeted me and asked me what he could do.  I asked for two new tires, he took a quick look at my car and told me, "No problem, pull it in".  \u000a\u000aHe discussed the options of tires in a way I could understand, giving his suggestions but ultimately leaving the decision up to me.  He also let me know about a rebate on 4 tires, which I ended up getting (after a frantic call to my husband asking if I was stupid for being upsold).  It ended up being a great deal and I never felt pressured to buy more.\u000a\u000aI sat in the waiting area (which could use a woman's touch to be sure) for about 10 minutes and they were done.  SO FAST!  The man explained everything with the rebate and I left a happy camper.  \u000a\u000aI will absolutely be back to Discount Tire Center in the future.
p1765
aVIf you just need tires, and want a quick, no-hassle experience, then this is your place. \u000a\u000aDrove in, and the guys immediately asked if I was looking for a cheap option or a higher quality option. I was planning on replacing all my tires, but then they suggested that I only need rear tires as the front ones still had about "50% good tread."  They seemed to be actively interested in saving me money.  \u000a\u000aThey only replaced the tires and didn't look for any other "potential problems" with brakes, rotors, bearings or anything else wheel related. Which is both a blessing and a curse, depending on the level of service you are looking for. But like I said, if you just want tires, and don't want to break the bank, then this is your place.
p1766
aVthese guys are awesome. in and out in no time, no appointment, no big price. great.
p1767
aVThis place is great! \u000a\u000aI went into get a new tire because my front tire started to leak. Instead of  giving me the new tire and charging me the higher price, the found the two nails, fixed the leak in less than 10 min and only charged me $16! They were honest, and told me that my tread was good and I didn't need a new tire. I appreciated that and I've had no more issues with my tire. \u000a\u000aI will definitely go back here for future tire needs.
p1768
aVI never would have put off getting my tires replaced if I knew it could be this easy!  We showed up without an appointment and it took under 10 minutes for them to change two of my tires.  It was like having a pit crew working on my car, it was so fast!  Only 200 bucks total and I got 2 high mileage tires (75,000).  They also rotated them for me.  I will be using this place for all of my tire needs from now on.
p1769
aVThis tire center is amazing. Great job replacing my BMW run flats for cheaper than any other place. They have fresh coffee while you wait. I  am impressed with how quick they are.
p1770
aVNeed tires? Look no further!\u000a\u000aMy wife badly needed new tires so we went to all the local spots to compare prices, Mr Tire, Pep Boys, Sam's Club, Flynn's etc. While leaving Flynn's a woman flagged us down and asked if we needed tires and told us about Discount Tire.\u000a\u000aA few days later we decided to give them a try. We went with a new Continental Tire that had just hit the market that came highly recommended by the service guy. What's really cool is that they are like a Nascar Pit Crew. There are actually four guys working on your vehicle at the same time taking the old tires off and mounting, balancing and putting the new ones on.\u000a\u000aLess than fifteen minutes later they were done and our car was better than new! The car rides so much better and going over bumps and pot holes is so much more comfortable. Don't put off getting new tires and give this place a shot!
p1771
aVI don't know why I put off tires for so long when I live so close to this place! I went on a Thursday morning. Dropped off the car and walked across the street to get coffee. As soon as I came back they were done! Not even 10 mins. These guys are the best! Not too expensive either because they don't try to sell you all the "bells and whistles" that other tire places try to sell you (ehem mr. Tire). I had been quoted a price of around $700 for tires from other places but discount tire got them on for only $360. From now on, I won't be going anywhere else for tires!
p1772
aVAll these positive reviews don't lie. Great place for tires! No appointment needed and I got the sense that this is the type of place that would prefer if you just showed up. Painted on the garage is a "honk horn for service" note.\u000a\u000aGarage can work on 4 cars at a time so you're in and out quickly.\u000a\u000aEnter from the first enterance, closest to the city, or you'll have to back up and loop around the block like I did.\u000a\u000aFast, friendly and efficient service. Didn't try to up sell me but gave me exactly what I needed. Will definitely be back! Thanks for such a great tire-getting experience.
p1773
aVAlthough I did not end up purchasing my Tires here, they quickly remedied a situation when I expressed my unhappiness.
p1774
aVAwesome service turnaround time. No appointment needed. The pit crew is ready when you pull up. And very economic ! Forget the dealerships, this is much better.
p1775
aVI don't think there's anyone that likes to buy tires, but if you have to then I highly suggest you purchase them from Discount Tire Center. Conveniently located near the McKees Rock Bridge, this should be the only place you consider when in need of a tire replacement. The open at 7a, but I arrived closer to 6:50. What really impressed me was that they opened the service bay door before their scheduled open time! Seriously, it's rare to find a place that will do this for a customer. I only had to get one tire replaced and was out of the shop in 15 minutes. Plus, the cost of the tire was a lot less than going to other tire places. To be completely honest, I really don't want to have to purchase another tire for a long time, but if I have to I will go here.
p1776
aVAnother awesome experience at Discount Tire Center to share with the Yelp community!\u000a\u000aOne of my rear tires had a slow leak. Instead of just taking it into these guys, I kept filling the sucker up every couple days. In all honesty,  I was being a bit cheap and just didn't want to spend the hundred bucks. \u000a\u000aWouldn't ya know, as I was filling the tire yesterday I noticed that a shiny nail had punctured the tire. So, I finally gave in and went back to Discount Tire this morning.\u000a\u000aThis was my second time here in the past couple months and the service was just as great as the last time. I was worried I might have to buy a new tire, but they were able to fix both nail punctures. Yep! There were two nails in the tire that were causing the slow leak.\u000a\u000aHere' s the best part. The total cost for the repair was only $15 flat.\u000a\u000aIf you have any tire issues, just go here. You will not be disappointed.
p1777
aVBeware!!! I decided to come here based on all the positive reviews.  I called before coming in to confirm that they had my size tire in stock and asked if they would put 2 new tires on my subaru (AWD) and rotate the old ones.  They were very nice over the phone and told me this would not be a problem.  When I pulled up to the store however, they immediately refused to sell me two tires saying that they cannot do that on a Subaru and instead attempted to upsell me four new tires.  Classic bait and switch.\u000a\u000aSTAY AWAY!!!\u000a\u000aEdit: To their credit, Jason did reach out to me to apologize and attempt to explain the company policy (which shows me that they care).  Also, as I did not have any work done here I cannot comment in any way on the quality of the work, and they did appear to have cheap prices.
p1778
aVThe only word I can use to describe my experience at Discount Tire Center is.... WOW!   I found this place thanks to a verbal reference from my Brother-In-Law.  I decided to check them out on Yelp before calling to get prices and saw all of the positive reviews.  I'm here to tell you that this place is awesome!\u000a\u000aFirst, let's start with the price.  I needed 4 tires for my Town and Country.  I had done some shopping around for prices and these guys were less than everyone else by about $50.00.  On top of that, there also happened to be a $40.00 mail-in rebate for the tires I purchased but they can't really control manufacturer discounts so I can't give them credit for that.  My point is, based on price alone; I had to give them a shot.\u000a\u000aNow, let's talk about my experience.  I called over before I went in to ask exactly how long it would take to have the tires installed.  I explained that I could take a long lunch break but anything longer than 2 hours wouldn't work.  They explained that there weren't any other customers there at the moment, but with them being an appointment-free shop it was hard to say how long it would take.  I decided to take the chance and headed over on my lunch hour.  I arrived at about 12:05 and expected that I'd need to park, go in, talk about a price, etc.  To my surprise, I pulled up and they waved me right into one of the garage doors.  I got out of my car and a guy met me at the door and started talking tires.  The very first real question was, am I looking for inexpensive or top-of the-line tires.  It seemed to me that they weren't going to even bother pricing the expensive tires if I simply wasn't interested.  Being my family vehicle I explained that I wanted "Just under" top-of-the-line.  I then explained that I called in a few days prior and someone priced out a set of GoodYear tires for me.  \u000a\u000aThe conversation took all of about 2 minutes.  The gentleman then promptly communicated the tires I wanted and a team of 6 guys went to work.  Before I could get my phone out to snap a picture all four tires were off of the car and on their way to having the old tires removed.  In the end, I had paid and was driving away at 12:30.... I kid you not!  It was like having my own pit crew!  It was so quick that when I arrived home (I was working from home that day) my wife was shocked.\u000a\u000aIn closing, I can't imagine not going back to these guys for my next set of tires.  The price was awesome and the service was out of this world.  On top of that, they didn't try to sell me anything that I didn't need or want!  I'd recommend calling in to see how many people are in line.  Obviously if there had been four cars being worked on I'd have had less people to work on my car but I can't imagine the service being slow considering how efficient their operation is.
p1779
aVAwesome service. Good prices. Got me in really fast.
p1780
aVAlmost all of the tires sold on site are foreign. I drove all the way here before work to be told that they don't sell American-made tires. I'm sorry, but you get one star for that. I ended up buying American tires for the same price elsewhere. Took me forever to get to work from this location because the traffic is horrendous from here.
p1781
aVBest service EVER!  in and out in no time at all.  By the time I finished writing my check, I turned around and they were removing the jacks (or whatever they are called) and my car was done!  Prices that can't be beat-helpful and friendly, makes you feel good to "shop small" in a family owned business.  I would never go anywhere else!!
p1782
aVAwesome experience! My tire went flat and I drove in on my spare and announced that I needed to buy a new tire. The gentleman asked to see my old tire and then said, "why don't I just fix this one for $16 instead." I could have cried. I was in and out in under ten minutes. Yay!
p1783
aVI created a Yelp account just to leave the guys at Discount Tire a 5 star review.\u000a\u000aChecking at other places... Good deals were sullied by out of stock tires and/or fees and/or limited appointment availability. I will never waste time with a search like that again.\u000a\u000aGot next-to-top-of-the-line tires for my car installed for about $150 less than I could find anywhere else and the other places had brand promotions going on; this includes scouring the internet.\u000a\u000aNot only that, the pit crew references below may seem unbelievable but they are accurate. I was there this morning, I was back at my home within 25 minutes of having pulled into their garage. I think at least 6 people were working on my car.\u000a\u000aDiscount Tire is a no BS local business run by good people that want to save you money with quality products and services.
p1784
aV100% RECOMMEND THESE GUYS, NO QUESTION. I love doing research for everything. I ended up here becuase of the price and reviews. \u000a\u000aSo I read reviews before going about it being a Nascar pit stop.  100% true and we loved it!! As soon as I picked the tire I wanted, they went to town. I'd say I was in and out under 10 minutes with great tires and saved over 100 DOLLARS. NTB quoted me $479, I walked out with great savings.  \u000a\u000aNot sure who had a bad experience with customer service. The guys were great! Spin and balanced and everything
p1785
aVThis is my second time coming to Discount Tire Center. I knew I would soon need new back tires. I pulled in, they checked my tires, and said mine would pass inspection and make through at least the summer (June when I went). I appreciate that they did not try to sell me tires when I didn't yet need them. I will definitely return to Discount Tire Center when it is time to get new tires.
p1786
aVI also highly recommend Discount Tire in Bellevue. All these guys do are tires and they won't try and sell you stupid add-ons or worthless warranties that you probably won't use.\u000a\u000aPrices are great, ranging from a value option up to the original OEM.  The service is fast and you'll literally be out on 15 minutes after pulling your car into the shop. And the people there are extremely friendly and honest.
p1787
aVThis is a pretty decent Arby's, and given the condition of the other fast food restaurants on this stretch of Ohio River, it practically reaches exceptional.  The dining room is clean and nicely modern.  The service is friendly.  I don't think I've ever had a bad experience.
p1788
aVEverytime I eat at this location I end up with a sick stomach.  I don't have that problem at other Arby's.  The dining area is clean and everything else seems ok but I always get a sick stomach.  Maybe they should relook at their food prep.
p1789
aVArby's is definitely king of the fast food joints on the Blvd.  For that, I'd give it five stars.  However, it's still fast food, which explains the mediocre rating.  Do not go here without a coupon from the Sunday paper--there's a whole page of them at least once a month.  The staff here is very nice and very fast, and on the whole, the food is better than elsewhere by the river if you're stuck with a fast food choice.
p1790
aVMy beef was so raw that I had to put it in the microwave for two minutes. It was even slightly cold before I reheated it. The manager says they cook it medium rare, and I explained it was so rare it ate the lettuce off of the sandwich! \u000a\u000aNeither the brown sugar bacon and beef nor the BLT had much bacon. (How do I post pictures?) For a sandwich advertised to have delicious bacon, this fell WAY short. The little bit of bacon it did have was burnt. Really Arby's? I told the manager I have no idea how they thought sending out a sandwich like that was acceptable.\u000a\u000aOverall, this made a horrible day worse. I was celebrating my two oldest girls' graduation from high school, and what was supposed to be a very nice dinner was a disaster. We went to Arby's as a back up so I had at least a little something to eat. That was equally disastrous. At least the fries were okay, albeit a little soft and mushy for some reason. \u000a\u000aBased on this experience, I would not go back. Based on this experience, I would most definitely not recommend this to others.
p1791
aVKuhn's is cheaper than the large Giant Eagle two miles away, but there isn't a lot of variety and you won't find any specialty items .  The deli and meat selection is good and cheap--nearly half the price of the big bird.  You can find most staple items here and they always double coupons.  The produce aisle is humiliatingly sad.  There is no bakery, but they do have fresh Mancini's bread in the mornings.  A major annoyance is that you must pay cash for stamps and bus passes.
p1792
aVI love to shop at Kuhns!  the meat is always good and priced well.  the specials are great!  my only problem is there is no public restroom..  a few times I had to go very badly on a large shopping trip and had to leave and run up the street to a restaurant and come back and finish my shopping...
p1793
aVKuhn's is the perfect grocery store for Bellevue! Staff are friendly and helpful and the store is small enough to navigate in a few minutes which makes it great for picking up weekly groceries. \u000a\u000aAlways happy with the produce and fresh fruit selections--I even bought kale there last week. Deli is busy after work and for good reason. Fair prices and a big selection of meats, cheeses and side dishes. \u000a\u000aGrocery store is open til MIDNIGHT throughout the week (closes earlier on Sundays...9?) so you can run in for those last minute things.\u000a\u000aThere's also a Redbox out front so when your friend has a breakup, swing by for ice cream and a chick flick. Compliments of Kuhn's!
p1794
aVWow. An actual neighborhood grocery store. Not the wannabe monopoly monster bird ripping people off left and right, but an actual neighborhood grocery store.\u000a\u000aIf you're seeking the gourmet fancy-schmancy, or the self-restrictive dietary vegan-gluten-free blah blah blah, your choices may be a little more limited, but if you're a 'normal' eater, it's a grocery store that has all of the basics and a few frills. No one will speak to you with a fake Hampton accent dahhhhhling, and you won't find a wine-tasting class with a gourmet fritter exhibition.\u000a\u000aWhat you will find are regular folk who are helpful and (mostly) friendly, the usual grocery store variety of necessities and non-necessities, a nicely stocked and priced meat and produce case, a deli counter with the usual meats and cheeses and a variety of prepared foods, baked goods. It's clean and tidy, and you can stock your fridge and pantry as you see fit, and with a pleasant 'How ya doin'?'\u000a\u000aKuhn's still does the double-coupon thing, and they have some pretty good sales - ten boxes of pasta for ten bucks, the weekly soda sales - three fridge packs for nine bucks beats monster bird's $12.\u000a\u000aNow I will say that on occasion, it will feel a little like you've somehow been sucked into deep Appalachia in regard to some of the clientele, but that's pretty much everywhere in da burgh that's on the 'outskirts'. Sometimes I look around me and half expect to find a rusty 1950's pick up truck full of goats in the parking lot, or a trailer park nearby.\u000a\u000aI generally do my 'staple' shopping at Aldi, and my meat needs in the Strip, but for a nearby quick fill in, unless it's an ingredient for a specialty recipe, Kuhn's is great for the 'Oh crap - I need' kind of trip.\u000a\u000aAnd quite frankly, as nice as they are, and decently priced as they are, this small business deserves our business more than the cut throat monster bird.
p1795
aVLike time traveling back to the sixties, this store barely meets the basics. Small, dingy, dated, and very limited in selection...but at least it's convenient and walkable for those in the surrounding area. \u000a\u000aDon't go looking for really fresh or exotic produce. The produce section is tiny and mostly prepackaged. Meat section? Also limited. The deli section is small, but friendly and efficient...again, it carries the basics.\u000a\u000aCheckout can be slow. If you're in the middle of making dinner or baking and need a quick missing ingredient, this is the place for a quick stop as long as you can use the express lane.  Otherwise, it's worth the trip to Trader Joe's, Whole Foods, Wal-Mart or even Giant Eagle. Basic is okay and so is this Kuhns.
p1796
aVI enjoy my trips to Kuhn's Market for a variety of reasons.  First of all, it is super convenient . \u000aSecondly, its a journey into my past when most  grocery stores were set up like this and I would see neighbors encountering  other neighbors who gladly took the time to find out how each other's families were doing  This  hometown feel is priceless... Thirdly, I usually find exactly what I need for just about the same amount of money I spend elsewhere.  This community is well served with the presence and dedication of Kuhn's Market and it's employees.
p1797
aVThis store sucks beyond belief! Even though I live within walking distance of the store, I prefer to go to the Giant Eagle on Camp Horne or the Shop n Save on Perry Highway, but when I don't have a lot of time, I have no choice but to come here. First off, they rarely everything I'm looking for in stock and when they do, make sure to check the dates. I've gotten month-old expired milk here before and don't even get me started on the moldy Yoplait. Second of all, and more important, the service here is terrible. The employees here act like they are forced to work here, and if you are using a card, be prepared to slide it at least three of four times since the employees are too incompetent to eat anything right the first time. My advice to the employees: If you hate it here so much, quit and get a real job. You're not doing as any favors by staying here. This store is on par with about everything else in Bellevue, which isn't saying much.
p1798
aVWithout question, this is my favorite thrift store in the greater Pittsburgh region. I find antique kitchenwares here that are older than my grandma, worth $85 if the antique mall is to be believed, and priced at $2.50. The 50%-off sales actually pay off here. The merchandise turns over quickly. The staff is a real cast of characters (don't miss the steelers tattoos!!! i'm seriously serious, they are amazing). there are bicycles for you and your kids in decent-semi-working condition. The balance of stuff is about half and half valuable old vintage and more modern hand-me-downs. The prices are reasonable to cheap. The plastic bags on the wall are often a treasure trove. The kitchen section could outfit your kitchen in fondue pots for days. Most thrift store remodels result in ridiculous high prices to pay for the construction. The remodel here just means a bigger, cleaner store and parking lot. \u000a\u000aI have spent, cumulatively, probably  several weeks of my life in this store. This is, hands-down, without question, the thing I miss most about leaving Pittsburgh. This store is the largest single contributor to my wardrobe, outside of H&M.
p1799
aVSo I came to this Red White and Blue with high hopes of thrift store mecca, and I will get to how I left empty handed and in tears.  First, I'll walk you through my experience. \u000a This place is pretty large, and relatively clean, with a nice parking lot.  The racks are packed with clothes - and I mean, hard to move the hangers because there is so much stock, which can be a pro or a con depending on how you like it.  I found it a bit cumbersome since although the clothes are organized by type (dress vs. blouse) there is NO size separation.  In a place this huge, it takes quite a long time to find what you're looking for without the size separation.  But, I'm not one to abandon a bargain because I don't want to look around (after all, that is what its all about), so I gave a good 30 min-45 and got a handful of garments to try on.  (I would typically spend a few hours, but I was trying to spare a friend not as keen on secondhand garments).  With my carefully extracted finds I searched in vain for a fitting room, never to find one.  After asking the staff where it was, I had to take a seat and leave my jaw dropped for a while because THERE IS NO FITTING ROOM! \u000aI couldn't take this fact into my brain, and although there were some household items I wanted to go back and buy, I was too upset to continue.  (Sidenote: yes, I can understand how this can work for the RWB, but imho it is unforgivable, and I wish there was at least some warning before spending my time searching for a bargain when I couldn't even see if it would fit). \u000a\u000aI would recommend this store if you are looking for something specific secondhand especially for dishes, or older electronics, or even beauty products.  There was even a used Nikon SLR with a wide angle lens ($200 though)!  \u000aBut if you plan on buying a sundress, and don't plan on stripping down in front of your fellow thrifties, you'd better be confident in your purchase.  RWB is just like any other thrift store, and you can't return or exchange your items, so you'd be out of luck and out of money.
p1800
aVWoo Hoo!  Dead Lady.\u000a\u000aThis thrift store rocks.  I have been doing this for more years that I haven't been, and it is the best in the city.\u000a\u000aI would make a weekly trek to RWB, and would never be disappointed.  These were the days when you could find a vintage 50s something or other on the racks, before there was a "Vintage" section.  Still, recently, there is always a treasure to be had, especially in the housewares department.  The proximity of this thrift store to the affluent neighborhood of Sewickley accounts for its top-notch merch.  Whenever we'd have a particularly good day, my frends and I would joke..."dead lady."
p1801
aVI came here all the time while I was freelancing and in charge of my own schedule.  It has a lot of points going for it that other thrift shops consistently mess up.\u000a\u000a1. It's well lit.  You can SEE the clothing, see whatever might be wrong with it, and make an honest assessment.  You're never surprised when you leave at the state of the items you've just bought.\u000a\u000a2. It is surprisingly clean.  Nothing seems to smell, so I can only imagine they've laundered everything thoroughly. \u000a\u000a3. There are good quality brands--Ann Taylor, Kenneth Cole, etc.  It's mainly items along these lines.  You're more likely to find twinsets than clubbing tops here, which if you're over the age of 21 is a good thing.\u000a\u000a4. Markdowns and fresh merchandise.  These people *know* how to turn over their stock.  Because the place is never empty, and there are specials every day, the stock flips rapidly.  The merchandise is never the same week to week, so as I mentioned before, it's addictive.  You never know what you'll find.\u000a\u000aA summary of a few things I've bought here: a 6 dollar designer knit dress, a few silk twinsets ($2-$5), countless heels, two pairs of Birkenstocks and two pairs of Doc Martens ($4-$8), a dressmaker's bust ($5), a pressure cooker ($7)....\u000a\u000aYou get the picture.  The prices aren't rock bottom, but close enough, and the quality of the clothing will help anyone but the stingiest person get over the 50 cents extra.\u000a\u000aCan't recommend it enough!
p1802
aVMy very favorite store in the world!  Their recent remodel made it bigger and easier to find things and not have to get stuck in an aisle with 10 other people.\u000a\u000aI get 80% of my wardrobe from here - the shoes and purses are the best and have always found something great to take home
p1803
aVSimply the best thrift store I've ever been to. Well worth the 3 1/2 hour drive from my hometown.\u000a\u000aFirst, and foremost, EVERYTHING IS 1/2 off all of the time!\u000a\u000aSecondly, bring cash. They DO NOT accept credit cards.\u000a\u000aThe store is full of wonderful pieces of clothing, all arranged by color and type (not by size, which is unfortunate). I found a wide selection of everything from casual pieces to high-end business attire to super-trendy teen clothing... what surprised me most about this store was the QUALITY of the clothing. Almost all of the pieces were flawless, a few were worn or faded in some way and the price reflected that. Brand names were bountiful; Banana Republic, Ralph Lauren, Chico's, Jones New York, Ann Taylor, American Eagle, H&M. There were also some wonderful vintage pieces from the 80s, bright colors and crazy shoulder pads that would have made a more adventurous fashionista very happy indeed!\u000a\u000aThe clothing smells wonderful, not musty or dirty as in some thrift stores, and there was even a large selection of plus-sized clothing carefully culled out in a special section.\u000a\u000aI went to Red White & Blue to find some business attire for my new job, and came home with two gorgeous, flawless statement blazers from Ann Taylor Loft and Banana Republic... for a total of $7!\u000a\u000aCome to this thrift store; it'll make all other shopping obsolete!
p1804
aVI cannot imagine a more miserable place to shop than this jam-packed monstrosity.  This is a store that makes me thankful for Goodwill and The Salvation Army resale stores.  The customers and the staff are miserable at Red White and Blue.  The clothes are priced far higher than other such shops.  Merchandise is not refundable or exchangeable, and there are no fitting rooms!  One purchases clothes at their own risk!  What person would buy a suit under these conditions, hoping the pants will fit?  Unlike other stores, there is no senior discount and no credit cards accepted, a rare cash only business.  To the reviewer who boasts that everything is 50% off every day, how is that a sale?  It is bogus pricing.  Red White and Blue, uggh!
p1805
aVEver shopped at a Thrift Shop that sells high end labels, some brand new and gently used items like backpacks for $5? This is a great place to discover unique things. They also have daily deals such as 1/2 off of certain color tags. Have to dig through other things though to find something interesting which is part of the adventure!
p1806
aVFirst time i really took a moment to look for some stuff. It's always a Hit or miss, all the other thrift store I've visited later in my trip showed me that. Thrift store sure does drain a lot of your mental energy. Looking for stuff there was a hellacious project but I bought a Steeler jersey for 2.50$, some polos and a cute outfit for a friends baby. 20$ before reduction and after 7.90$!! wohh!! That felt good!!
p1807
aVPittsburgh store is the worst thrift store I've ever shopped.OVERPRICED!!!!  Very high prices. Backwards policy of accepting cash only. Nasty! Don't waste your time or money!!! THere are much better places to shop for thrift in Pittsburgh!
p1808
aVLove the store. Great stuff, High price. Buyer BEWARE of the RUDE cashier SYLVIA, extremely unpleasant, unwilling to help and always with NEGATIVE attitude. She needs customer service training....Someone please tell her to stop complaining about other customers or employees....Cashier that does window display is always kind, friendly and helpful.
p1809
aVI love a deal, and this has been my favorite thrift store since I was a kid.  \u000a\u000aFirst, there is some sort of half-off deal every day.\u000a\u000aSecond, the used book selection is pretty decent.  Yeah, there are a ton of self-help and Patterson mass markets that you have wade through, but T.C. Boyle for two bucks?  Yes, please.\u000a\u000aThird, the home goods.  I've gotten huge solid wood picture frames for only a couple dollars.  The art prints inside were hideous...but I threw those away, re-stained the frames to my liking, cut new mats, and inserting art quoted as $360 each to frame at a big chain fabric store for under $30.  Boom.\u000a\u000aFinally, there is a decent selection of lamp to re-wire, always lot of furniture, some diamond in the rough clothes on occasion, and lots of other wacky stuff that's just fun to sift through.\u000a\u000aCASH ONLY and the cashiers are pretty rude/lazy, but that never bothers me.\u000a\u000aBONUS:  They pick up your donations for free from your porch.  http://www.pickupplease.org/  Super easy.
p1810
aVI love love LOVE this store. I thought the one on Saw Mill Run was great but this was i think is way awesomer. If only awesomer were a word. I love to go here and find lots of home decor items to decorate my house. candle holders, DIning sets, paints, sculptures and sooo much more. I found this small desk lamp that has a victorian look to it with the shade included for $4. The lamp shade was made of some kind of smooth material almost like leather. It's such a great find. There are plenty of items for sale at this place and most of them are in great shape. \u000a\u000aSo the clothes which occupy most of the store are the best find. The Store has certain days that offer you %50 certain color tags. I went on a Monday and it was half off yellow and white tags. Other days its half off blue, or green or red. I love to go on Saturdays!! This past week it was half off every tag except white. I found so many items for such a cheap price. $7 shirts for $3.50 and tunics for $4. Have you ever find items for $1?? I have!!! I love when I find a great shirt or sweater for $3 or less. Or when you find a brand new item with the tags on them for under $7. I bought a brand new pair of Arizona Jeans (in my size) for $5. I couldn't believe it. I was too excited.\u000a\u000aThe clothes are organized by color but not by size which is a good and bad thing. I like to shop by color since I don't wear too many yellows or purples. I can avoid those sections all together but when I do find a nice shirt in the color I want the size becomes an issue. There were a lot of nice shirt that were just too small or too big. Even when i have to pass on a nice shirt I tend to find one that's just as good at the same price. \u000a\u000aShopping here is a gold find!! My sister was the one who introduced me to this store and i used to make fun of her for shopping thrift. If I had known that It was nothing like the Good Will I would have been here a lot sooner. Now my sister makes fun f me for going so often. What an amazing place this is!! I'll probably never shop retail again!!\u000a\u000aREMINDER: CASH ONLY!!\u000a-But they have an ATM!! $2.50 fee
p1811
aVRating this store is tough because I want to give it a 5...I really do.\u000aHuge selection of clothing, housewares, electronics and furniture, but NO FITTING ROOMS!\u000a\u000aYes, you read that correctly. No fitting rooms. Are you kidding me?!?! It doesn't completely overshadow the fact that they have great items, but when 95% of what you offer is clothing, you've got to have a few rooms for people to try stuff on!\u000a\u000aThe clothing is organized by style and color, not by size, so be ready to dig. Same thing with the shoes.\u000a\u000aI asked a staff member where to try on clothing and she directed me to the back corner of the store where there were two long mirrors hanging side by side on the wall, directly in front of the kitchen section. I was slightly confused for a minute and then realized that was my only option. I decided against even peeking at any pants or blouses and instead went for jackets and sweaters I could easily try on over my shirt. \u000a\u000aNow, the mirrors are directly side-by-side, so if there are two people trying things on over their clothes (so weird), you're going to be right up on top of them. Not to mention you'll be right on top of people browsing through the kitchen section.\u000a\u000aA lady I was chatting with told me that she has seen women come in wearing tight fitting shirts/tank tops and spandex tights (hey, those are somehow socially acceptable as pants in public now, anyway!) so they are able to easily try everything on over their clothing (still weird).\u000a\u000aAs annoyed as I was about the fitting room situation, I will probably make a trip out there again in the future to browse based solely on the size of the store. I just might have to wear some spandex.
p1812
aVI can't believe I've been here multiple times and haven't reviewed it yet.  I absolutely love this place.  It's a super thrift store if you will.\u000a\u000aNo matter when I come here, I always find something.  It quite the experience.  I always make sure it's a day when I am off of work because I can literally spend hours here just looking.  It's a good thing that I do this, you can't just show up here and think that you will be able to gran an item and then leave.  \u000a\u000aLike a fellow reviewer said, there are not fitting rooms here, so be prepared to walk into someone trying on a potential great new garment for them self in the middle of an aisle.  Sometimes you just can't avoid this, I blame the fact that they have mirrors set up throughout stores.\u000a\u000aThey have everything you can seem to desire here.  Clothing to electronics, furniture to bedding, books to movies.  EVERYTHING is under this roof.\u000a\u000a*Cash only, ATM on premise.
p1813
aVnice and clean with well organized large selection but was expensive. I was looking for some twin size thin cotton blankets easy to wash and hang dry for my dog and the prices were $14.99 of course somewere high quality items which u would have to pay new retail store price $40-50 but still overpriced. I finally found a small blanket for $7 on sale.
p1814
aVI have never been treated so terrible in my whole life. Here's my rant, a friend and I stopped in one day after high school. I was a senior at a catholic private school at the time so I was required to wear a fancy uniform so I looked highly presentable. I picked a shirt up I was thinking of getting and held it as we browsed through the store. They announced they were closing and I was across the store from where I got the shirt. Deciding not to get it, I placed it on a near by shelf. My friend checked out, and as we were walking out of the store a  woman that worked there said to me "where is the shirt you were holding". I told her I had placed it on the self in the back, and said sorry for not putting it back. She said " I walked back there and didn't see it, so where is it" and clearly implied that i stole it.  I told her again that it was on the shelf as nice as I could and she then told me that she didn't believe me and told me to go back there and get it or else she was going to search me. Now I get that it doesn't matter that the shirt was 50 cents because stealing is still wrong but because I didn't steal it and told her so I feel Im justified in being furious that I was publicly humiliated and falsely accused over 50 cents. I walked to the back of the store picked it up and started walking back and then the lady said in a grossly rude tone " well I didn't see it back there" no apology, no nothing. I handed it to her and walked out. I've never been there since. I was so angry I forgot to get her name tag so I could complain to the manager. I have never been treated so badly by anyone let alone a complete stranger and store clerk. I don't shop at stores that hire such terrible staff.
p1815
aVThis is one of my favorite thrift stores in the burg.  Everything is well organized and the checkout lines go fast.  I always see plenty of staff members which are always working hard.  When I have a goal of something I am looking for .. this store always has it!  Cash only - no credit cards but ATM is on site.  \u000a\u000aThe mention of "no fitting rooms" often peppered throughout some reviews.   I am not one that tries on clothes so that doesnt bother me.  I just wing it and it always works out.\u000a\u000aThe ample space for parking is no doubt a bonus.  It's easy to get in and out via route 65.
p1816
aVRed white and blue is one of my favorite thrift shops ! I love their special deals of the days, the staff are always friendly. I love the color coordination and I always find great deals !
p1817
aVIf you go there, be very careful with the prices. Some of the goods are so expensive. It isn't worth buying them.
p1818
aVI like a good bargain and enjoy checking out various thrift stores whenever possible.  I pass by this store quite frequently but never had a chance to stop.  This rating and review is based on my experiences at other shops and in comparison to this one.\u000a\u000aThe Cons:\u000aThe parking lot on this particular day was quite an obstacle to drive safely through.  I witnessed at least four near misses including my own vehicle almost getting hit by several careless and unskilled drivers.\u000a\u000aThe prices.  9.99 for a shirt that was a donated good to this organization.  Most other thrift stores charge around 2.00-3.00 dollars.\u000aNo returns.\u000aNo dressing room to try on the overly-priced shirt that is nonreturnable.\u000aA small mirror in a far corner of the store is offered as an option.\u000aA poor explanation was given as to why there are no dressing rooms. " If you want a dressing room go to Macy's".  Sorry, in my world money is money and I choose to spend it wisely.  Just asking for options before I spend my dollars.\u000aCash only.\u000aThey staple the price tag onto the garment.\u000aFor profit operation\u000a\u000aThe Pros:\u000aIts very large and spacious.\u000aPlenty of great selections and very organized.\u000aSome discounts\u000aMerchandise changes often\u000aCheck out lines move quickly
p1819
aVThis is the go-to thrift store for the family. We've managed to find about everything we need from cast iron skillets to Yankee candle to clothes for the whole family. The reason I am giving it only four stars is because sometimes the prices are a little high, especially if they aren't on sale on the white board up front.
p1820
aVHooray for the Red, White & Blue!  There are some great bargains here, especially if you shop their sale items.  Make sure you look at their sign as you enter to determine which color tags are on sale.  Also, Wednesday is Senior Citizens Appreciation Day (55 years of age and \u000aolder), so look for additional savings on Wednesdays if you qualify.\u000a\u000aThis store was remodeled several years ago, and at that time they especially improved and expanded the parking lot.\u000a\u000aIf you dig through their large inventory, you will always find a bargain.  Come back in a couple of weeks, their inventory changes quickly.  Clothes are arranged by Men/Women/Children, color, and size, so that helps your search.  \u000a\u000aUh oh, no fitting rooms, which can be a draw back, but the prices are pretty good...so it's worth the risk.  Check items closely for holes and flaws.\u000a\u000aThey have an annoying recorded announcement about what happens when tags are removed, but other than that, the store is pretty pleasant and well lit.\u000a\u000aCash only.
p1821
aVThis is my go-to place for bargain hunting and recycling and it's a great place to shop for a wide variety of cool items at mostly great prices. Come early and stay late on half off day cause you never know what you'll find but be prepared for the crowds. Checkout lines are fast moving and store staff are always helpful. I can't wait to shop again.
p1822
aVThis is one of the true sleepers of "neighborhood Pittsburgh." Since 1979, this "diner/family restaurant" has been serving excellent breakfasts and home-cooked dinners. The staff has been there as long.\u000a\u000aThey have some of the best fresh-brewed iced tea in the city. They also have my favorite pancakes. If you're looking for a cheap, low key, dependable place to go, come home at 8 o'clock one evening, sit in the window, and especially around the holiday season, I assure you that it will be one of the best "old time" meals you'll ever have. \u000a\u000aI hate its name, but I love the Rusty Nail.
p1823
aVThe home-cooked breakfasts at The Rusty Nail in Bellevue are wonderful, prices are reasonable, the wait staff are gems, and is often bragged about by Bellevue locals.  That said, two stars is all I can muster primarily due to the tiny, cramped dining area.  I've witness people at three tables being disrupted while they are eating so departing diners would have enough room to push their chair away from the table and pass by others just to leave.\u000a\u000aDon't get me wrong, I adore that Pittsburgh is a small, friendly city, but I'm not fond of getting elbowed in the back as the guy behind me cuts his breakfast steak and eggs, nor knowing his guest gargled with Cool Mint Listerine this morning (or worse, didn't) .  Yes, the tables are packed THAT close together.  And whatever you do, don't dare bring a large friend here to dine when it's busy unless you enjoy feeling like a complete 'jag off' for doing so on the way out.
p1824
aVI've been going here since I was a wee tot.  I have always enjoyed their food even though there's nothing too special about it.  I really like their breakfast menu.  You always seem to get lots of food for very little money, which is nice.  \u000a\u000aMy only complaint is that it is WAY TOO SMALL and always very busy.  They should really look at expanding the restaurant.
p1825
aVThe Sunday brunches serve great pancakes, and I always felt so fancy eating here as a kid.  Note that if you wait until the churches let out to get in line that there will be a long queue outside.  The rest of the menu ranges from decent to average, but the food is always cheap.  The tables are so close together it feels like you're crawling over your neighbors to be seated.  On nicer summer days and during any of the Bellevue events, they often serve fresh lemonade or iced tea outside.
p1826
aVI really wanted to like the Rusty Nail.  I love little local restaurants like this.  But it really is a very tight squeeze, to begin with.  They really need to pull some tables out of there to make more room.  We were right on top of another table with two very loud young children, and there was just no buffer.  And the food was.... just so bland!  I get that it was supposed to be homestyle cooking, but it just had no flavor.  To be fair, we did go for dinner, and I understand that this place is more of a breakfast joint, so I would be willing to try it again sometime for breakfast.  For dinner though, unless you like super-bland food, I probably wouldn't return for seconds.
p1827
aVGiven that the Rusty Nail has been highly recommended to me as a good breakfast spot by various sources, I'm sad to say I was sorely disappointed. \u000a\u000aThey have a wide selection of breakfast options.  However, even with numerous breakfast specials listed, not one included eggs, meat, potatoes AND toast.  Yes, that's right.  I had to order the eggs, bacon and toast special with a side of the potatoes.  When my food was served, the portions were average except for the side order of potatoes.  I did greatly enjoy the potatoes, though, which I ordered deep fried.  My dining companion ordered the French toast with ham and enjoyed it very much.  \u000a\u000aWe were here on a weekday morning so we didn't have to worry about it being crowded.  The service was good.  And it's not that I thought anything was bad, it's just that, as the two star rating says, "Meh, I've experienced better."  Given the plethora of choices in Bellevue, this will not be my first stop should I find myself on Lincoln Avenue for breakfast again.
p1828
aVI always see this place, and Saturday we decided to stop in for lunch. The atmosphere was pleasant. My boyfriend had the buffalo chicken sandwich, which he loved. I however, ordered the steak and cheese pita and was extremely disappointed. The pita was soft and fresh but the steak was terrible. It was very steak-um like and saturated with grease. When I picked up the sandwich grease poured from it. I'm not one to send back food, and that's my fault, but the waitress came by once as I was eating, over heard me upset about my food, looked at me then continued on her way. Needless to say I don't think I will be returning.
p1829
aVI ate here this past Sunday morning for breakfast with my girlfriend.  I have been by this place many times and was excited to finally make it inside.  We were lucky that we went fairly early as a line developed shortly after we were seated at our table.  The Rusty Nail is prepared for this in a pretty cool way though as they have a list outside of the restaurant that you can sign into as well as some coffee to partake of while you wait.\u000a\u000aFor my entree I decided to go with one of the specials for the day which was the Rusty Nail omelet while my girlfriend decided on another special which was the a mushroom, spinach and feta junior omelet.  Her omelet is self explanatory while mine had in it some salami, cheese and three pieces of sliced pepperoni on top of it.  It was readily apparent that the pepperoni was not the cheap kind that you get on most pizzas as it had more flavoring and tasted much better.  Both omelets came with sides of home fries and toast for which we both ordered deli rye.  The junior omelet tasted good as the sourness of the feta played nicely with earthy mushrooms while the spinach made it feel like I was eating healthy.  My omelet was just as good if not better than the junior omelet as the cheese and meats combined to make it seem like I was almost eating a pizza.  Some of my hash browns were slightly overcooked and they had too many onions for my taste but we still decent enough to be a side to the main show.\u000a\u000aThe bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here in the future.  Everything that I tasted was good and I would not hesitate to take any of my friends here for a breakfast.
p1830
aVA great Pittsburgh diner with friendly service and good diner food. If there are any problems, the prices a bit high for diner food and, as others have said, it's extremely cramped. Otherwise, it's an enjoyable place to eat and the food is, indeed, very good.
p1831
aVI had one of the breakfast specials and it was fantastic. There was also a continuous flow of coffee, which is always nice. Probably just missed the church crowd so it wasn't too busy either. Definitely a good breakfast spot.
p1832
aVThe first time we went here assuming by the name that it must be a dive bar. We were disappointed, but we were also hungry so we ordered dinner. It was just nothing special pretty typical greasy diner food. While there we couldn't help but notice all the articles and awards on the wall stating this was one of Pittsburgh's best breakfast spots. So, sometime later, on a hungover morning after a wedding some of my boyfriends friends were staying with me and wanted to get some breakfast and I thought let's check out that rusty nail again. What a great decision. I think we all got one of the specials and they were all delicious. Mine came with some kind of homemade hash brown patties that were amazing. The only downside is they only take cash (that's not uncommon around here) but they have an atm. Also there is often a wait on the weekends but for us it wasn't very long and they have free coffee outside for you while you wait. Well ok one more thing the actual restaurant is very small and kinda lop-sided but hey I'd rather have a cheap delicious breakfast in a shitty place than pay more for a nicer atmosphere.
p1833
aVI am very happy to be moving into a 'neighborhood' that has a line-up of decent mom-and-pop shops to find a reasonable meal when the cupboard is bare, or the energy banks are depleted for cooking. Bellevue does seem to have a small collection of decent eats at reasonable prices, and The Rusty Nail is one of that handful of good examples of neighborhood haunts.\u000a\u000aIt's touted as a 'diner' in many of the reviews, but it really is a step above your average 'diner', and is more of a cozy neighborhood gathering spot for a decent burger, or entree. I've not made it there for the breakfast, but have always been satisfied by the dinners.\u000a\u000aRusty Nail is hardly on the gourmet end of the scale. In fact, I would imagine the Sysco truck pulls up out back regularly with deliveries of food parts, from cans of sauces to frozen animal chunks. As long as those parts are assembled and doctored to make them seem a bit fresher than the typical conveyor-belt diner, all is fine. And indeed, all IS fine.\u000a\u000aSo few of our local 'diners' are up to snuff when it comes to serving up decent 'diner' fare, that I can't call Rusty Nail a diner. It's a neighborhood family restaurant. Period.\u000a\u000aBurgers, meatloaf, pot roast, fish sammiches, salads, pastas...a varied but adequate menu. Fair and decent prices. Friendly and attentive service. A cozy enough atmosphere (although I have to say AGAIN in a review of a restaurant, if you've got multiple TVs in the space, for gods sake, can ONE of them NOT be showing SPORTS coverage??) and a pleasant crowd of patrons. \u000a\u000aDuring my last visit, there was a large family gathering at the next table. A nicely polished middle-class clan, ranging in age from gramps to granddaughter. At one point, dad received a phone call on his cell...and actually stepped OUTSIDE to have his conversation. As I was leaving I had to pat him on the back and thank him for being one of the few remaining decent guys with manners!\u000a\u000aBottom line...Rusty Nail is comfortable. It's not a drive-out-of-you-way destination for dining. It is what it is. A great little neighborhood spot FOR the neighborhood. \u000a\u000aBut do bring cash. The don't take credit cards. Believe it or not, they WILL actually take a check.
p1834
aVOn our recent visit to Pittsburgh my family and I had breakfast at the Rusty Nail in Bellevue (dad's hometown).  The place is on the main street, Lincoln Ave (or up street as my family called it).\u000a\u000aThey were quite busy on a Saturday morning but we only waited about 5-10 minutes for a table.  I enjoyed a sausage omelet with American cheese and my husband had a Denver omelet.  The omelets were well prepared and served with toast.  Potatoes were and extra $2.29, but a serving of potatoes was enough for two.  Breakfast for four adults was about $50 including tip.  All adults had coffee or tea and a full breakfast.\u000a\u000aThe service was friendly and prompt on the day we were there and coffee refills were offered readily.  It is cramped quarters, but typical for neighborhood non-diner breakfast joints in urban areas.\u000a\u000aWe had a great diner breakfast in homey surroundings.  We will definitely go back when visiting Pittsburgh.
p1835
aVChecked out the neighborhood restaurant for Sunday brunch. The portions were generous and the omelets were very good. We felt that much of the food (e.g., sides) and service were just average. For example, we typically had to ask for coffee to be refilled. It is a great place to go for a quick bite to eat on a Sunday morning, but I would not make a special trip to the restaurant.
p1836
aVPlace has amazing omelettes that are almost as big as the size of the plate. You get a really big side of home fries too. This is probably my favorite place for breakfast in Pittsburgh. I generally go in and get a seat right away without waiting. Service is usually fast and friendly. Two downsides to the place. 1) they are cash only which can be an inconvenience. I never remember to have cash until I get my bill so I have to run to the ATM. 2) the seating is limited and the tables are very close to each other so people there can most likely hear your conversations. Place overall is excellent and is worth a try at least for breakfast. The lunches and dinner selections aren't bad either!!
p1837
aVThe food at Joe's Rusty nail is GREAT. As the pictures will show, the servings/portions are plentiful. The service is quick, and the staff personable. I went there for breakfast AND everyone in our group left sated!! As always I had my kid carnivores in tow, and as is their custom they laid waste to EVERYTHING edible that was put before them. While they are a TAD (and I do mean tad)  bit pricey I believe that the food is more than worth it. The clientele (what I can only believe are Bellevue regulars) are polite and inviting. My breakfast was made well, tasted great, and dressed pretty as a picture. I will tell you this is not my first rusty nail rodeo and lord willing it will not be my last. As I say I vote with my feet and my USD, and the staff at rusty nail can sleep well tonight knowing that my hard earned cash, will continue to flow at Joe's and my feet will continue to bring me there hopefully more often than not!!
p1838
aVWanted to try this neighborhood brunch spot and popped in this weekend. It's cash only and seat yourself so don't just stand there when you walk in like we did. There's no hostess station so pick a table and sit down. Blend! We sat down next to an elderly gentleman reading the newspaper in his Steelers' Starters jacket. That's the type of brunch place this is.\u000a\u000aPrices are very reasonable: basic breakfasts (eggs, pancakes, omlettes) weren't over $6.95 and even the specials were only $8 or $9.\u000a\u000aI got the eggs benedict which is my go-to, however I didn't care for this version. Instead of hollandaise sauce, the dish comes with CHEESE sauce. Not my favorite that it came on a thin English muffin either, but our potatoes were good. (Two options: deep fried and pan fried with onions. We got both and thought the deep fried were best. Can you blame us?!)\u000a\u000aTotal bill for 2 came to $20. I'm looking forward to going back and trying some of their other breakfasts!
p1839
aVGreat home style breakfast, sandwiches and dinner. Joe has something great going on here. Waitresses have been there for years as well, and they are very good.
p1840
aVThe Rusty Nail is a neighborhood diner-style restaurant that serves Pittsburgh-centric comfort foods.  Meatloaf, pasta, and hot roast beef all grace the menu.\u000a\u000aI came here with my dad who ordered a hot roast beef, and I ordered a bowl of spaghetti and meatballs.  Both meals were right around $10 and delicious.  The portions were huge, and the waitstaff was very friendly.\u000a\u000aI'm guessing it was the owner, but a nice guy came around asking everyone how their food was and making small talk.  Nice touch.
p1841
aVGo there to get some authentic home made breakfast ! They have breakfast special and price is very reasonable !
p1842
aVStopped in on a visit to Pittsburgh.  Food and service was outstanding. Be warned though,  these are not small portions, come hungry. I had the country breakfast,  it took up two full plates.  Every thing was cooked perfectly.  Would definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants a real home cooked meal.
p1843
aVThe place to go to if you are hungry for a home cooked meal yet lack the time and energy to prepare it yourself.  Traditional meals feature meatloaf, roast beef and are served with all the trimmings.\u000aThe dining room is small with plenty of staff on hand.\u000aI noticed a good bit of warm conversations taking place among the staff and the regular customers.\u000aProbably not the place to go if you prefer having a private conversation during your meal.\u000aCash only but there is an ATM available.
p1844
aVWe've stopped in here for breakfast a handful of times. On warmer days you might have to wait but they have a list system they manage outside and offer up free coffee for those waiting.\u000a\u000aThey offer up big portions and I've rarely finished a meal here. Just so happens they focus on omelettes and pancakes, two things I rarely order for breakfast. The pancakes are big, semi-dense and have a nice flavor. Eggs cooked to order are very large and delicious. The potatoes and onions are good, but require hot sauce for flavor in my opinion.\u000a\u000aMajor downfall is the coffee, I'm sure it's Folger's or something comparable, not very drinkable unfortunately.\u000a\u000aWaitstaff is typically pleasant and the prices are affordable. Worthwhile spot to visit if you want to avoid the chains in the area. Cash only.
p1845
aVI went to this location for the first time today. I must say that I left satisfied and full. I ordered the steak omelet it was very good. Wait staff very good. Will go back again.
p1846
aVBeen here for breakfast a few times.  My new go-to place as I just moved to the area.  As someone else mentioned it's seat yourself and cash only.  Breakfast has always been good with large portions.  My boyfriend and I usually end up splitting something and getting an extra order of cheesy potato puffs (which are amazing).  Eggs Benedict is usually my breakfast out choice but I wasn't crazy over the cheese sauce.  Everything else I've had here has been delicious though.  The staff is always pleasant and quick.  Great little diner!
p1847
aVWe went there for dinner at about 4:30 on Saturday. There were already several diners there. By 5:15 or so, it was packed. The local people seem to love this place. Our food wasn't any better than OK. The onion soup was very good, as was the crab cake in my Mermaid Devonshire. The rest of the Devonshire wasn't very good -- just a lot of Cheez-Wiz or melted Velveeta. My wife's hamburger was nearly inedible -- overcooked and extremely dry. The staff was friendly and helpful, and there were enough of them to handle the good-sized crowd. Nice place, and seemingly very popular, but the food was only fair.
p1848
aVThe food is excellent and reasonable.The waitresses are fantastic and coffee cup is always full.
p1849
aVI've only had breakfast so that's all I can review.  The portion sizes are big and the prices are reasonable. The wait staff is awesome. Great customer service the wait staff actually brings you things you request quickly and with a smile. Cash only, on street meter parking..
p1850
aVLove the Rusty Nail. Have been going there since I was a kid. Always friendly service, great prices, good food. American fare with huge portions. You will leave with a doggie bag.
p1851
aVStaff is very friendly, daily specials, comfort food, simple, flavor, and plenty! I should have stopped half way to try a desert.  Cash only is not a problem. Bring your own or use the ATM. Will definitely recommend and come back.
p1852
aVThis is a little neighborhood restaurant with home cooked meals. The staff is polite and friendly. The place is small and can be noisy when packed. I'd say probably not good for larger groups.\u000a\u000aMy food was great, liver and onions topped with bacon. I got two sides, French onion soup and potato pancakes. Everything was bomb. My fiance got meatloaf, which she said was alright and looked more like a Salisbury steak. They also serve you a basket of some fresh bread with butter. \u000a\u000aOverall it's a good place to get a home cooked meal for a great price.
p1853
aVThis place is overpriced and the service is not good at all.  When we where there children were riding bikes in the lot near the tables.  One almost hit our child.  Another customer said that if the owner had been there she would have not allowed the bikes to be there.  The cone was large to say the least but the taste left something to be desired.  Not the best neighborhood either with a bar nearby.  Our children were exposed to language that would have made a sailor blush.  We will not be back.  Also they will accept a credit card but not a debit card?????  Please get up with the times.
p1854
aVI am a big fan of this little ice cream place.  You can get both hard and soft ice cream, so that satisfies myself and my daughter.  They also have funnel cakes for my daughter that doesn't care for ice cream.  The place is small but there is always a line and the DJ outside plays the best oldies while you wait.
p1855
aVI fell in love with this place as soon as we pulled up and saw the lights strung up and  oldies coming from the speakers! \u000a\u000aI tried the banana cream pie hard ice cream, their scoops are very generous!! \u000a\u000aMy bf got the peach cobbler hard ice cream and that was to die for! We got 4 servings of ice cream for $10, which nowadays is a steal IMO! :) \u000a\u000aI'll definitely be heading back with my coworkers this week!
p1856
aVRemember When.... I always do when I go to this ice cream shop... The oldies playing and the best and biggest ice cream in Pgh.. The large ice cream cone comes out the side door cause they can't fit out the window...WoW it's great and has been great for many many years.. Been going there since I was a young young lad I'm now 27 and take my family there we love it... Keep up the good work
p1857
aVFirst time here and I wasnt impressed at all!  I should have gone to the dairy queen :-(
p1858
aVMy family makes an event out of going to Remember When to see Doo-wop Dan on Saturday nights during the summer. I usually go for the small cone, which is comparable to most other ice cream place's large. The large cone is so large that is doesn't fit out of the window, they have to bring it out the side door! \u000a\u000aThe ice cream is good, the portions are generous, and the atmosphere (almost) makes you forget you are in Windgap.  I highly recommend stopping by on a Saturday night to see Dan, listen to some oldies, and enjoy some ice cream!
p1859
aVThis is by far, the BEST soft serve ice cream place in southwestern PA. The "flavor of the week" is always interesting-and tasty! Though, I am somewhat disappointed that they've switched to a lower grade ice milk, for their vanilla and chocolate offerings. I don't know if this is a matter of cutting corners, or if the better stuff simply isn't available any longer. Either way, this place is still leaps and bounds ahead of DQ, Tastee Freeze, etc. It's definitely worth the trip. It's mostly street parking, though they do have about 3-4 parking spaces off to the side. Serving sizes are huge! The small cone here, is the same size as a DQ large. And the large is SO big, they can't fit it through the window-they hand it out the side door.\u000a\u000aIf you want a real "Kodak moment"-order a large cone for the kids, and keep the camera, and wet wipes handy!
p1860
aVI didn't know what to expect when I came here thinking this was an actual ice cream shop where it is actually an ice cream stand.\u000a\u000aThere are signs posted on the wall telling you not to use your cellphone when you are ordering, They accept credit cards not debit with a minimal $10.00 purchase. That is never a problem for me since my banking cards have both options attached to them. They also won't service you if you are in line straddling a bike.\u000a\u000aThe size of the cones they serve are reminiscent of Isaly's. Prices are reasonable for the quantity you get. Believe me when I say unless you are very hungry order a small. It is huge!\u000a\u000ain addition to soft serve cones and cups they also offer hard ice cream in various flavors. I got to chat with the owner Mary who makes these flavors up herself and adds her own special touch to them. Yes, you can sample them. Since I prefer hard ice cream I settled for two scoops of Black Forest ice cream complete with cherries. She offered me a lid and explained the things the business does.\u000a\u000aIn addition to selling ice cream and the usual flare every Fri and Sun evenings when it is nice they have a DeeJay come out and play music from the 50s. Once a month they have a special event. Recently they had a group of students from CMU come out and teach people how to line dance. They have a car cruise in the works. More information she told me can be found either on their website or Facebook page.\u000a\u000aMy ice cream was very good and quite filling! There are a couple of picnic tables you can sit at if you wish. There isn't very much parking in the area. They also have a rewards card. You must spend a minimum of $3.00 to get a hole punch and then after 10 punches you get $1.00 off your purchase.  They also have ice cream for purchase if you want a quart, half gallon, etc. Costs a bit more than the grocery stores but hey if it's good then it's worth the money to me.\u000a\u000aThis place is close to home so I definitely plan to return to check out more of the offerings. Next time I may bend and try a soft cone dipped in chocolate. So much to choose from. Definitely 4 1/2 stars in my book.
p1861
aVThis is a cute ice cream little place.   If you blink you will miss it.. its small but still good. There's always parking on the street - easy in and out.    I only stop when there isn't a line because sometimes the wait is a little too long for me.\u000a\u000aBrowsing the menu - nothing seemed to jump out at me just the typical options. I went with a medium sundae - nuts - hot fudge and bananas.  It was $5.50. I was a bit surprised it was over $5.00. It wasn't huge or anything but not small either.    It was just a typical ice cream sundae.  Its all the convenience you pay for. You can get a tub of ice cream or $5.00. \u000a\u000a On a hot day - ice cream sure hits the spot. I am grateful for this establishment existence because its the closest one to me but feel the prices could be a little bit more average.\u000aI haven't experienced what other reviewer's have - with the lights and music.  Its just a little cream shop if you are in the mood for a ice cream or a sundae.
p1862
aVIf I could give Dr. Murphy less than 1 star, I absolutely would.  I was a big fan of his for several years.  He is a very personable guy.  I consistently went to my 6 month cleanings, and each time he would assure me that my teeth were perfect.  At my last visit, he identified a cavity in one of my molars.  Because of its placement, it was a LARGE filling.  Ever since having the tooth filled, it consistently traps huge amounts of food and it is incredibly hard to floss because of the size of the filling.  I recently moved across the country and had to find a new dentist.  WOW--I was in for the shock of my life.  Not only do I have to have 4 of my fillings replaced, but the one that Murphy did most recently has an obscene overhang that presses into an adjacent tooth.  The new dentist was shocked at the quality of work.  He also asked me if my previous dentist ever recommended that I see an orthodontist about my tilted lower molars.  I said absolutely not, I was told that there's nothing they could do about them aside from extracting the teeth and replacing them with implants.  The new dentist couldn't believe that!  He said that would be incredibly drastic and unreasonable and that the molars could very likely be corrected with some brackets.  It upsets me that Dr. Murphy would have allowed me to have unnecessary and costly dental work, and that his preventive care was so sub-par.  I am suffering the consequences of trusting an individual who is either ignorant, apathetic, or both.  Do not go here--find another dentist.
p1863
aVI have been a patient at Murphy's Family Dentistry since February of this year and I couldn't be more pleased with the level of service. I am afraid of drills/pain etc. and going to the dentist like most of America gives me a little bit of anxiety.  Some dentist offices that I have been too have made me feel silly if I had a shred of anxiety and were a bit insensitive.    When I compare those to this dentistry there is no comparison. There's a level of comfort and its obvious & appreciated. \u000a\u000aI just recently had a root canal/crown placement.   I had a very bad experience years ago and was very weary about the whole process.  This Dentistry was a dream and really was great throughout the entire process.   I am most comfortable and most important - in and out..  there is never a wait and I know exactly what to expect.   I recommend 100%
p1864
aVMy husband and i have been patients of Dr. Murphy for almost 20 years. I wish there was an "11" on this chart of stars to give him. I used to have panic attacks going to the dentist, and he helped me work through that, which is great as I always need work done. Now I'm not afraid, and feel like I can trust him to do good work. Thanks for taking care of me all these years!
p1865
aVSometime ago,I was looking for someone to service my Grandfather clocks in my home. After extensive research,I ran across these folks. I couldn't be happier with the result of their visitation. The knowledge they possess and the professionalism with which they practice,is impeccable! ALL of my clocks are running at peak performance;they even took the time to look at my "Black Forest" cuckoo clocks and passed on valuable advice as to how I should maintain them. I graciously appreciate their time,demeanor,and service! I wish no one else to service my clocks in the future! YOU CANNOT GO WRONG WITH THESE FOLKS! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! Thank-you so much for all that you have done to restore my precious time pieces!
p1866
aVCan't say enough good things about Paul's Clock Repair.  We inherited an old clock from my parents that had not worked for some time.  For a very reasonable price, Paul cleaned it up, replaced the broken springs and got it working.  When we picked it up, they took the time to show us the proper way to set it up and keep it working for years.  Thank you Paul's Clock Repair for restoring our family heirloom!!
p1867
aVI can not express my thanks & gratitude enough to everyone at Paul's Clock Repair.  I needed an Atmos clock repaired, which was given to me by my mother who had recently passed away.  I needed it done on a short time line since I live out-of-town and was leaving soon.  It is next to impossible to find anyone who can actually fix that type of clock especially anywhere close to where I live.  They were so accommodating and really really helped me out during a hard time.  Much thanks to Lisa for spending the time to teach my about the clock & how to take care of it and her dad for fixing it up!  My Atmos clock is now working great and looks wonderful on my mantle!
p1868
aVVery kind and knowledgeable. Thank you for helping us with my grandmother's grandchild clock. We appreciate your tips and got ourselves the right screws. Now it beautifully adorns our living room. Thanks again!
p1869
aVGood selection, but it will cost you.\u000aMultiple fridges of cold beer, but only the cheap beer is cold.\u000aNice in person, but rude on the phone.\u000aParking lot, but none of the customers understand how to park.\u000a\u000aEvery good thing about this place is equaled with a bad thing about this place - hence it probably deserves 3 stars. I would really give it a 3.5 if available as this is currently my beer distributor of choice, but since its not possible I have to go with 4.\u000a\u000aWhy 4 you ask, when I just went through all that 3 star crap? Any place that offers beer samples provided by attractive women gets a half star boost for sure, and as long as I'm going there anyway it really makes for a more interesting trip.\u000a\u000aAfter all, if you don't like free beer, you are probably a terrorist.
p1870
aVMy beer distributor of choice - and there are others located closer to me.\u000a\u000aLet's be clear, it is no frills, cases of beer stacked up, limited cases in the cooler.  Selection is ok - if I were looking for something obscure - I wouldn't count on them having it.\u000a\u000aBut they are helpful and efficient.  They have convenient hours and parking**.  Also they helped me out in a keg emergency that saved a party.  Service in a jam earns my loyalty.\u000a\u000a**Note - most of their customers have no idea how to park in said parking lot.
p1871
aVGreat selection.  HOWEVER, only the cheap beers I've never admit to drinking are kept in the coolers.  So if you want local microbrews, seasonals, or even Blue Moon, you're going to want to leave time to chill the bottles before your next shindig.\u000a\u000aHaving only acquired a taste for beer while living in Tennessee--where beer can be bought in grocery stores, gas stations, and shady alleys--the prices seem steep to me.  But I don't have much experience buying alcohol off-premise in PA, so I'm only deducting one star here.\u000a\u000aThere is a parking lot, but it's small and everyone parks crookedly, so good luck  with that.
p1872
aVOk. Full disclosure: I know NOTHING about beer. I'm a wine girl, or a hard-booze girl, but NEVER a beer girl. And yet somehow, I wind up being the girl who is sent out to buy beer for the party full of random people at our house who all like different beer.\u000a\u000aHere's a rundown of what happened on a recent night that this occurred at Pistella's:\u000a\u000aMe: ::wanders around for 15 minutes overwhelmed with beer choices, before giving up and going to the register::\u000aDude working at Pistella's: Need help?\u000aMe: Yes. I do not drink this stuff, but everyone coming to my house tonight does. Help!\u000aDude: Any idea what your friends like?\u000aMe: Umm... my husband likes to drink Dos Equis. My one friend likes 'lighter' beers. Oh, and I am broke because I just bought a lot of chips and salsa at Whole Foods.\u000aDude: Girl just follow me. Here, we are having a sale on the Dos Equis variety pack. That has something for all of your friends. It even has a Christmas beer to make everyone get in the holiday spirit! You will be the hero of the party! And I will carry this to the register for you and everything.\u000aMe: Thank you!\u000aMy friends, later that night: Girl you rock. We are all happy with this beer, and that leaves more vodka for you!\u000a\u000aSo that is why I choose Pistella's when I am sent out on beer run: because there are cool dudes working there who will help me not come home with a case of Jacob's Best. (Nor does anyone give me crap for not understanding beer - I like that!)
p1873
aVHa! The parking lot is good, and yet nobody can ever park properly or politely! This is a good distributor that is conveniently located, well-stocked, and has friendly staff. It is a little unfortunate that the only cases that are kept in the cooler are the less exotic beers, but their selection is fairly broad, and the space is small, so I won't dwell too much on that. Overall, a decent beer shop, as long as we are shackled to the idea of the distributor here in PA.
p1874
aVI stopped by here on my way home from whole foods market. They had just paved there parking lot which can only fit 3 max cars at a time. It was not as big as the one I normally shop at in Penn Hills. They are a beer distributor and have a way hugger selection. But they serve all of penn hills so go figure.\u000a\u000aI was looking for a gluten free beer which they had four kinds including cider. The prices were crazy expensive. $35 for a 24 pack of cider. NO way!! \u000a\u000aI had to buy it though cause it was sunday at 4:30 and all the stores close at 5 so i had no choice. I should have waited but i drove all the way here to get it so I should just buy it while i'm there. Aside from the money issue this place was just ok to me.
p1875
aVMy second stop on my quest to explore beer distributors in my neighborhood, and the best of the two!\u000a\u000aYou won't find super obscure beers here in general, and I didn't look for Belgians, but they had plenty of IPAs for me to choose from.  Ithaca Flower Power, Loose Canon, Lagunitas IPA, Full Pint Chinookie and TriPA, and more.  I believe I even saw some Green Flash.  However, I went with a case of Lagunitas Sucks!, not an IPA per-se, but a beer that's been hard to find anywhere and has a 98 "world class" score on Beer Advocate.  It set me back $40 ($42.79 with tax).\u000a\u000aMy trip was complete with the neighborhood smelly drunk asking me where the $10 case on sale was, the college dude looking for the same thing, and another man apologizing for accidentally complaining about bedroom issues with the gf within my hearing.  I considered all of this a plus.  Great atmosphere, and the staff was friendly too, though I only needed help in wanting less beer.\u000a\u000aI'll probably be back for some Flower Power in a week or two.\u000a\u000aI also experienced the joke that no one knows how to park in their parking lot - heck, I was probably one of those people.  The lot is a weird shape!\u000a\u000aBest Bloomfield/Friendship/Shadyside area distributor so far.
p1876
aVWe are fans of Pistella Beer Distributors simply because we needed beer one night while visiting some friends and family in Pittsburgh and they happened to be on the way to something we were doing.  It's a hole in the wall kind of facade but they do have a good selection.  I don't remember the price being that expensive but looking at the average review so far...it shows $$$$.  I'm sure they have some nice stuff, but we just got a case of beer (I think one of those Magic Hat variety packs) and it seemed similar to what we would pay in the other stores.  Anyway, we had a good experience with this place and don't really have anything bad to say about them.
p1877
aVThis is my go-to distributer. They have a great selection and lots of hard to find brews. I haven't noticed that it's any more expensive than going elsewhere but honestly if I don't buy here then I'm buying six packs which as we all know are a huuugggge rip off. So any time I have a case of something I love I feel like I'm getting a bargain. The cold selection does suck so I try to plan ahead and have what I need already cold. Staff here are all very helpful- and will have recommendations if you ask.
p1878
aVIn my opinion, this is the best distributor in the city. The people running it are great, the selection is very good, and the prices are competitive with almost any other place I've been to. Because I'm not too picky, I typically have been stopping right at the front to buy the discounted brew that's usually out of season. You can't beat buying a case for $12.99. I'll continue to go here for my beer needs until I leave the city.
p1879
aVLove these guys! I have a huge picnic every year for my job, and I always use Pistella for my beverages.  They're nice folks, always get the order right, and it's on time.  I've also been to the store itself many times, and they do indeed have a great selection.
p1880
aVWe have multiple restaurant locations and they have always been kind to us regarding deliveries and they are always quite punctual for same day service. Good prices. Some good crafts. \u000a\u000aNot a fancy place, so don't expect the red carpet. Just good beer with good service.
p1881
aVLove this beer distributor.  They always have what I'm looking for. The workers are extremely nice and always willing to help. Best one I've seen by far.
p1882
aVNot a fan. I've been here twice in the past six months and both times the person working was rude and unfriendly. It might have been the same worker both times. Tonight, we walked in and went up to the counter with our beer. The guy looked at us for a second then continued doing whatever he was doing behind the glass. I'm not sure what. We were not acknowledged at all and we waited some more. We finally had to ask if we could pay for our beer. He looked up from what he was doing and said "Ummm, yeahhh" then finally came over, no apology, no greeting. As soon as we paid he slid the glass door closed again. No "thank you" or "have a good day". There were still two hours before they closed, so it's not like we came when they were trying to close. We left wondering what just happened. It was a weird experience. I'll continue to look for a different distributor, which sucks because it's so close to me, but I'd rather spend my money somewhere else. I gave it two stars instead of one because they do have a good selection of cases of beer if you want more than just a six-pack.
p1883
aVBeing from Illinois and in town to attend a Steelers game we needed beer.  Found out grocery stores only sell basically a 12 pack per person/visit. Nothing like Illinois where the sky's the limit. So after that education we ended up here.  Good selection of beer when you need more quantities that 2 six packs.  We stocked up on IC light and was reasonably priced.  Friendly service.  Only con is parking is scarce but that seems to be par for the course in Pittsburgh.  I would visit again if in the area.
p1884
aVPistella's is a cool little beer distributor!  There isn't much parking nearby. My favorite thing about them is that they often have a good selection of marked down beer in the front of the store, to the right when you walk in.  If you're a cheapskate like me, then this would be as far as you need to go once inside lol!
p1885
aVMy boyfriend and I discovered this place about a month after moving to the area, and it's safe to say we will never be buying beer anywhere else. (Unless of course we're in the market for a fancy Dogfish six pack or something...) First, the prices are reasonable to begin with. The twelve-packs are always a few dollars cheaper than the same thing at the nearby Market District. Second, the selection of deeply discounted seasonal and specialty beers (as in the $7 twelve-packs and $11 cases) is unparalleled! There is literally no reason to buy your beer anywhere else, if you can be getting your regular weeknight swill at 75% off and a fair price for everything else. The place is clean and well organized and the staff are efficient and polite, enabling you to duck in and out in under two minutes. The only hard part is deciding what to leave with!
p1886
aVafter trying a couple groomers in Pittsburgh, we found Animal Elegance. They always took good care of our poodle. Clean poodle feet and an even cut. \u000aYou should try them too.
p1887
aVi was a vet tech for 6 years so I'm pretty particular about people caring for my pets. The groomer (becky) listened to what I wanted and did exactly what we had discussed. My dog always seems quite happy and relaxed after a grooming there. (a really good sign). Also, they are recommended by one of my favorite pet shops in Pittsburgh, Smiley's Pet Pad. I wholeheartedly trust Animal Elegance to take proper care of my little furry friends.
p1888
aVAnimal Elegance is not much on the outside but the owner was very nice & LISTENED to how I wanted my teacup poodle groomed and used the products that I requested.\u000aI was very happy with my services and I will return. \u000a My poodles groom was $50,including tip, which I think is very reasonable.
p1889
aVI just moved to Pittsburgh and I  took the word of other reviewers when making my decision to give Animal Elegance a try. My two standard poodles looked GREAT and seemed very happy after our visit! I would have given Amy and her crew five stars but the price was a good deal more than I am used to paying. I had hoped to come back every two to three weeks but it is just too expenseive for that. I may have to find another groomer for touch ups in between visits to Animal Elegance.\u000aI feel like this is similar to a "special occasion" retaurant: One where you would go all the time if the price was just a bit lower for regular customers....
p1890
aVI use their services regularly. They in fact are the only place I will take my dog "Gaffney". The location is right off the main street.  She is always extremely well groomed when they are done.  They are worth the price.
p1891
aVI had a very unfortunate experience with this groomer. My dog  was not groomed to my specifications; infact she was butchered. I went to the trouble of taking a photo of my dog with  the haircut that I wanted, as well as speaking with the woman who assured me she would be grooming my dog. The owner groomed my dog, not the woman that I spoke with and she looked nothing like my dog when I picked her up. The owner was rude and did not even apologize for the horrible service. Do not take your dog there to be groomed!
p1892
aVMy Kingston cooper is a havanese and is a goofy handful and they handled him well. I loved his hair cut. I changed from a different groomer to here. He's only been here once about a month ago but I loved it and we will definitely be coming back. Done in a timely manner and I love the cat that walks around and so does Kingston cooper he has 2 cats himself so he felt right at home. We will be back soon. And it's not far from my house so perfect location. Thanks guys for doing a wonderful job!!!
p1893
aVThis place is the best! We won't take our dog anywhere else for grooming. It's a very mom & pop type of place. They genuinely cared for our puppy, not to mention the perfect job they did on the cut and washing. Everyone who works here seems to treat the animals with the upmost care. Such a convenient location on Butler Street near Lawrencevillle. Can't wait to go back!! Thank you so much!!!
p1894
aVThis is my go to place to get my Yorkiepoo groomed. The surrounding area looks a little "sad", but let's face it, lots of areas look like that here in Pittsburgh. Inside, however, the place appears newer and well kept. My dog has gotten consistently good haircuts here and she's always in a good mood when I pick her up. That's a keeper in my books! Oh, and the cost is about $45-50, which I'd say is average for most groomers I've gone to.
p1895
aVWe recently adopted an overweight Keeshond named Drachma and were hesitant about bringing her to a groomer we didn't know.  Drachma also has social issues and does not take to other animals very well.  This place did a superb job with her!  She seemed to enjoy the company of other animals, due to the owner working with her.  Having lost a lot of weight, Drachma is a difficult groom, but Animal Elegance validated its name.  Bravo!
p1896
aVI went to Animal Elegance when it was owned by Becky\u000aShe was great grooming my schnauzer, when the business was taken over by current owner they overcharged me, told me it would be 50.00 then when I called to see if she was done they said60.00 went to pick her up it was now $70.00. That's the end of my business with them
p1897
aVA decent Italian restaurant serving delicious fresh made bread with hummus, flat breads, salads, soups, and pasta. Outdoor seating is available in nice weather, and the service is friendly. Overall, not a bad place, but not super exciting either - Pino's suffers from its close proximity to the excellent  Point Brugge Cafe. It also gets quite noisy inside so it's hard to carry on a conversation, and seems to attract a somewhat older crowd of people.
p1898
aVI wound up here the other night after walking down the street because of a 45 minute wait at Point Brugge Cafe.  While my friends and I were leery of the prices on the menu, the owner cajoled us into coming inside and were seated right away.  I'm glad he did!  The menu is rather expansive, but mainly focuses on Italian fare with an occasional jab at the more popular Pointe Brugge up the street: mussels and fries.\u000a\u000aIt happened to be lasagna night.  Because I am used to the home cooked variety, I had a hard time shelling out $18 for lasagna.  I selected the wild mushroom and spinach option and it also came with the soup of the day, which happened to be gumbo.  Both were very good.  The gumbo had a very earthy taste along with good amounts of sausage, jumbo lump crab, and risotto mixed in.  Rather than being the layered the lasagna was one giant noodle, the size of the entire plate, stuffed with a generous amount of mushrooms and spinach folded over itself with marinara and cheese.  Didn't get a chance to try dessert.\u000a\u000aBoth items I had were rather tasty, and I would easily come back here for a great meal.
p1899
aVI made it back here about two weeks ago.  I must say the experience was night and day compared to the one at the end of July.  Whether or not it was an off night I do not know, but the place was loud and crowded, the service was bad, and the food was mediocre at best.  I should have just waited it out at Point Brugge.  I won't becoming back anytime soon.
p1900
aVI've been told several times that this place had a great brunch.  Upon arrival, the menu was very limited and the service was abysmal despite a nearly empty restaurant.  We literally waited 15 mins. at our table and then left prior to ordering.
p1901
aVI often have lunch at the nearby Point Brugge Cafe, but I decided to give Pino's a try today for a change of pace.  Bad idea.  My lady friend and I started with a pair of appetizers: greens & beans and "Italian frites."  The latter, which the menu described as "fresh cut, twice cooked, fresh herbs & roasted garlic," were basically just regular-ass french fries - decent, but nowhere near worth their $6 price tag.  The greens and beans were even more of a rip-off: 8 FREAKIN' DOLLARS for a smallish bowl of rather flavorless produce.  Talk about a profit margin!\u000a\u000aAs a main course we shared a flatbread with goat cheese, caramelized onions, and roasted red pepper.  It was pretty good, but my enjoyment was diminished by the FM radio that was blaring through the loudspeakers.  Who wants to hear car commercials while eating a meal at a "nice" restaurant?  Classless.\u000a\u000aConclusion: I'd rather wait 45 minutes for a table at Point Brugge than be seated immediately at Pino's.
p1902
aVIt's a shame that some of the other reviewers had poor experiences. I discovered Pino's after deciding that the wait for Point Brugge simply wasn't worth it.\u000a\u000aThe brunch was very good, I enjoyed the atmosphere, particularly the "missing" wall which gives the appearance of outdoor seating, and particularly liked not having to sit shoulder-to-shoulder with other people.\u000a\u000aMy sole comment would be that the owner, who was very friendly, should let his food speak for itself rather than being so concerned about the neighborhood competition.
p1903
aVI must admit that the first time I went to Pino's (about 6 months ago), I was NOT a fan for several reasons.  However, after coming home from brunch, the experience was enough to not only completely change my mind, but to keep me coming back.\u000a\u000aMy boyfriend had the scallops and I have the pino benedict (eggs benedict, of course).  My boyfriend literally looked like he was having a religious experience with the scallops.  His eyes were closed, he was moaning, and it took him about 25 minutes to eat 3 scallops.  He said it was the first time in his life that he ever wanted to take so much time to chew his food.\u000aMy dish was delicious and the in-house made bread was fresh and savory.  \u000a\u000aOverall, I am very pleased with the lunch menu and the range of dishes that are available.  We'll definitely be back for brunch.
p1904
aVPino's appears to fashion itself something of a nouveau-Italian, smart casual neighborhood restaurant, and it's literally just that. Translation: the menu is uninspired and predictable. A relatively encompassing selection of appetizers and entrees revealed not quite a soul-crushing, but certainly a lackadaisical attitude toward ingredients, recipes and presentation, though the service was refreshingly excellent. Unfortunately, the only other reason you'd be dining in Point Breeze would be to enjoy the amazing Point Brugge Cafe just down the street. As a previous reviewer mentioned, I stopped in simply because the Brugge was full, but I unfortunately won't be making that mistake again.
p1905
aVWhat a disappointment!! Evening started pretty badly and did not get much better.  \u000aWe had reservations for 5 people at 7PM this past Saturday. Two of us were there early and rudely treated by the hostess. She was vague about seating us and we decided to wait at the bar. When the rest of our group arrived (on time!!), I informed the hostess and she looked at me blankly and then the packed restaurant.  She told me it would be awhile. Huh? When asked what "awhile" was, she said 20min.  But then seated us in 5 (she had to bus a table which I take it as one of the things she dislikes about her job - that and people).\u000a\u000aFood was a let down. Potato latkes were greasy and blah.  Fish tacos were recommended and were basically fried fish sticks.  Pumpkin risotta was heavy and confusing flavor wise.  Others had the same sentiments.\u000a\u000aService was rough.  Long waits and lack of attentiveness. Noise level (couldn't converse at all) made the night just a bit harer to tolerate.\u000aNot sure Pino's will get a repeat visit.  Disappointment:(
p1906
aVBland food and poor service. Its a shame since it's a great location and could be much more, especially since there is always overflow from nearby point brugge.
p1907
aVIn similar fashion to Joseph S. I, too, decided to give Pino's a shot once we saw how packed nearby Point Brugge, which had initially drawn our party due to its reputation, was. It was a relatively nice evening, and I thought the concept of fresh-air dining was too good to pass us by. We were immediately greeted by Jen, one of the co-owners, as we entered. I made it a point to compliment the beautiful inlaid tile in our tabletop, and she volunteered some additional information about their production that I found to be very interesting. \u000a\u000aI really loved the bistro burger. I requested it to be prepared "Medium", and sure enough it lived up to my expectations---you'd be surprised how many times I've ordered a medium burger only to have it served well-done and nearly bone-dry at other restaurants. Nicole, our waitress, proved her weight in gold when she reassured me that gorgonzola would be a good cheese to accompany the bacon on the burger. We also ordered the macaroni & cheese as an appetizer. I thought the ziti was a bit dry, but the sauce and cheese were delicious. We really loved the bread and the garlic butter spread. I was hoping for an oil & vinegar blend to have with the bread, but the spread served as a surprisingly tasty alternative. My partner's ravioli looked delicious, and he let me try one of his meatballs, which I found to have that "homemade" flavor that's difficult to find at many restaurants. Our friend loved her arugula salad, and as a seafood aficionado I was impressed by the very generous size of the shrimp she had. Our service was prompt---our water glasses had barely gone half-empty before our waitress scurried over to replenish them. \u000a\u000aOverall we loved our experience and WILL be back! We were told about Pino's legendary Sunday brunches, and I look forward to trying one myself the next Sunday I have off from work.
p1908
aVEnjoyed a wonderful evening eating outdoors on a perfect Pittsburgh spring night.  The charcuterie plate worked well as an appetizer for 3 and included a fantastic balsamic dressing.  I had the best pasta and white clam sauce I've ever experienced, and the other members of our party enjoyed their entrees, as well.  Nice find in the Point Breeze neighborhood.
p1909
aVTASTY OPTION FOR SUNDAY BRUNCH \u000a\u000aI've read the reviews and what seems to ring true is that Pino's has a good Sunday Brunch. Thankfully that's when me and my gang decided to check out this little lovely! \u000a\u000aBrunch menu has both traditional brunch fair and some Italian twists. My mum had Challah French toast and loved it. Pops had their breakfast risotto with a fried egg on top - I tried that and it had a nice kick to it.\u000a\u000aOther folks at the table had the eggs Benedict, salad, and Sammy. Over all everyone was happy and it was only half full so easy to talk and hang out. \u000a\u000aAnd for the music complainer (you whining stinker) we had a nice iPod mix on when we were there!
p1910
aVMy favorite Italian restaurant in Pittsburgh.  All-time favorite dish:  eggplant parmesan with their spicy arrabbiata sauce, I had to ask for them to make it that way.  Not your typical layers of fried, heavy eggplant--lighter, chunkier eggplant that melts in your mouth.  My favorite appetizer there is the sizzling olives--they bring you a little cast iron skillet and throw olives in it--they soften and are so wonderful to eat!  Flavor explodes in your mouth!  Also good is ther roasted veggie platter and charcuterie plate.  We typically go on less crowded days, as the restaurant is small--but we've always had excellent service and the food comes out hot and fresh!
p1911
aVthis place had a great selection. The mussels were outstanding and the staff was very professional!!. TRY IT YOU WILL LIKE IT!!!!!
p1912
aVI like this place so much! Unpretentious. Everything is made from scratch. Service is amazing. Lots of small plates. Great wine deals... Definitely worth a trip.
p1913
aVBEFORE Pino's was renovated, it was a tiny, unpretentious, hole-in-the-wall restaurant with a friendly atmosphere, and amazing Italian food. It was also a BYOB, which I love. This was our "go-to" restaurant.\u000a\u000aAFTER Pino's was renovated, there was a complete transformation. While the interior is now very nice, It's no longer a BYOB, and the staff is full of attitude, which seems to stem from the total arrogance of Pino himself.\u000a\u000aOn our most recent visit, we were a party of four with reservations at 7:30 PM. We arrived at 7:25, and weren't even acknowledged until 7:40 PM. Pino was playing maitre d', and when he finally acknowledged our presence he seemed totally clueless and was overtly UN-apologetic. There were no open tables, despite having reservations. When 8:00 PM rolled around, I was frantically calling other local restaurants to see if we could get in. No such luck, since it was prime dining time on Saturday night. Finally, around 8:30 PM, the waitstaff brought a two person table up from the basement, crowded four chairs around it and jammed it into the middle of the restaurant for us to sit in. Pino then literally threw our menu's at us, and walked away. Not so much as a free drink for our inconvenience.\u000a\u000aThe food is still good here, but I refuse to give my money to someone who CLEARLY does not appreciate your business. There are SO many good restaurants in the area, with owners/chefs who are happy to have you. Next time you think about going here, walk an extra block to the Point Brugge Cafe.
p1914
aVSix of us went to dinner, six of us had fabulous meals!  My husband said his seafood fra diavlo was the best he ever ate, not a bit fishy--loaded with fresh seafood and a spicy sauce.  My son had the carbonara which he described as fabulous.  My daughter had the roasted veggie platter as her meal (it is a large appetizer), and I also sampled it--the vegetables and olives were marinated and grilled perfectly.  My father had the skirt steak which he loved, and my son had a sausage pizza.  Both said they were delish!  I usually get the eggplant parmesan with their spicy arribiata sauce but this time I had a pasta dish loaded with artichokes and shrimp in a spicy sauce.  It was excellent!  \u000a\u000aIt was my father's birthday, and they brought out a Tiramisu for us to share (we didn't even ask for it), and that was luscious as well!  The staff was as nice as can be--we will be back without a doubt!\u000a\u000aI love this place!
p1915
aV"God this is the best eggplant that I have ever tasted!"  was what our friend said after he took his first bite of the Sicilian eggplant served at Pino's.  My husband couldn't wait to have the seafood fra diavlo, which he had last time...again, a 10 out of 10!  I had the roasted veggie platter for my entree, which is really an appetizer--and I had to share--way too much for one person to eat.  Another comment from our friend (who was a first timer at Pino's) was that it was the best Italian dressing that he ever had.  As I write, I want to go back for dinner tonight!!\u000a\u000aForgot to mention, they also have local beers on tap (East End Brewery), the men enjoyed the Homewood brew (dark lager type beer), it's great to see the owners supporting local businesses!
p1916
aVI went to Pino's to celebrate a friends birthday on a Thursday night.  I hadn't been in Pino's since they renovated, but I have to say that they made the interior beautiful.  We made reservations, but I don't think we would have needed them since there was just a few other parties seated when we came in.  \u000a\u000aMy two girlfriends and I always have a tough time deciding what to order...so naturally we order one of everything that looks good.  We started with the Charcuterie platter, which was a mix of absolutely delicious prosciutto, capicola, and soppressata with a bit of veggies and mozzarella.  This was an impressive way to start out the meal.  We all wanted to try the seasonal ravioli, which was pumpkin (too tempting for three certified pumpkin fanatics), so we got an order to share as an appetizer.  This was unlike other pumpkin ravioli I've had...very pumpkiny.  The ravioli was good, although we all agreed that we wouldn't have been able to eat a whole order.  It was very sweetly spiced and I was missing a little bit of savory with the dish.  \u000a\u000aI ordered the grilled sausage pizza for my entree, and was pleased with it.  I admittedly never get too excited about pizza, and this was good, but nothing that I was dreaming about later that night.  Overall, the food was a 3-4 for me.  \u000a\u000aThe service was outstanding.  Our waiter was very welcoming and knowledgable.  My friends got dessert, and when the chef (I assume Chef Pino?) came over to ask how it was, my friend jokingly said that it was delicious, but would be perfect with a bit of sauce.  Before she could take another bite, he whisked both of the desserts away and added fresh strawberries and sauce, saying that he would be serving the dish that way for now on.  Talk about service!  The whole experience was fantastic, service gets a 5.  \u000a\u000aAdded bonus:  Awesome beer selection, some brews I haven't seen.  Only place I've been that had East End Homewood Reserve on tap for me to try (exciting for a beer dork like me, and it is tasty, by the way).
p1917
aVI have had lunch at Pinos's several times probably at least 5 times. Usually I am there  for a business lunch when I am in the area. I find that we are well served, not rushed and the noise level is not too loud at lunch We have several times asked the Chef to make us some special version of his menu and we are always accommodated. To me this is excellent service. Makes you feel like coming back.\u000aI would have to admit that I usually order the garlic fries which are really great. I do this if I am not going back to the office or out to meet a client.\u000aNormally I would add a soup of the day which are always nice, and a sandwich of the day. \u000aI have never been disappointed and certainly would continue to conduct business lunches here. Pino's has been very reliable and dependable in all aspects.  I would make it 3 1/2 stars.
p1918
aVThe food here is ok but not worth the price. $15 corking fee? $9 a glass of garbage wine? Me thinks not.\u000a\u000aWhat really tops it off is the owner is beyond rude and doesn't care about the business. I heard it used to be much better but now I don't know anyone who eats there...
p1919
aVAnother really good meal here!  My friend and I went for soup and appetizers--and licked the plates clean!  Gazpacho, pasta fagiole, homemade bread, eggplant with mozzarella and my favorite...the roasted veggie platter.  So much food we didn't think we would eat it, but it was so good we did!  They also had their doors open and we were able to sit outside in the cool summer air--great way to kick of summer!
p1920
aVI ate here this past Friday with my girlfriend and two other dining companions.  We decided to come here because it was Pittsburgh restaurant week and they offered a special 3 course $30 fixed price menu with 2 course wine pairing for $12.  It ended up being a small little restaurant in the middle of Point Breeze which I had been past many times previously but never really noticed.\u000a\u000aThe restaurant was swamped whenever we got there, probably due to a combination of it being Friday night and restaurant week, so thankfully we had made reservations and were seated almost immediately.  I decided to start off my meal with a salad while my girlfriend had the tomato garlic bisque.  My salad was good and came with goat cheese, pears and a vinaigrette which all tasted nicely.  It was nothing amazing but I think it takes a really special salad to be amazing.  I also tried my girlfriends bisque and unsurprisingly found it to be a bit tomato-y since I do not enjoy tomatoes very much but she really enjoyed it.  For my entree I decided to get two small plates instead of a larger entree and settled on the mac n cheese and fish tacos.  The tacos were a bit sloppy/wet but had some nice flavors (cilantro, aoili and pico) in them along with some chili sauce that gave it a nice little kick.  My mac n cheese came out in its own little cast iron type pot and was good.  There was an adequate amount of cheese throughout and I liked that they even had some ricotta buried inside the dish.  I was also able to try the Arrabbita that one of our dining companions had ordered.  Wow was it good and it packed quite the spicy punch too.  Immediately I regretted not ordering it although I still did enjoy my two small plates.  For my dessert course I ended up having the White Chocolate Creme Brulee.  My girlfriend decided upon the tiramisu while another at our table had the peaches and puff pastry.  All of the desserts seemed large and made sure that we did not go home hungry!  My creme brulee tasted decently and ended up being a good finish to my meal.\u000a\u000aThe bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here in the future.  Their regular menu seemed reasonably priced and everything that I had tried throughout the night was good.
p1921
aVI decided to try Pino's due to the restaurant week special and boy am I glad that I did! My husband and I made reservations for four on Friday night. We were seated almost immediately on the lovely outdoor patio area. It was a great night to be outside. Although the restuarant is small, the ambiance is wonderful. I could tell thet the guests around me were enjoying themselves as well.\u000a\u000aThe table decided to order the 3 course menu for 30$ because of the large amount of options. We each decided on a different entree so that we were able to share and get a good idea of all the restaurant has to offer. I started off with a mixed green salad with grileld pears, walnuts and goat cheese. The pears had a nice smokeyness about them that complimented the sweet vinagarette. For my entree, I chose the Arrabiata with rigatoni. The dish was very good but much more spicy than I had expected. I feel that they should have informed me of this or explained the spice level on the menu. Luckily, I enjoy spicy food but I was unable to finish the entree due to the spice level. It was slightly less spicy when I finished it for lunch the next day. My husband had the veal and risotto which he loved. For dessert, I orderedthe peach mille feuille. The portion size was enormous and the peaches were ripe and tasty. However, the marscapone filling hardly tasted of marscapone. I had the opportunity to try my husband's white chocolate tiramisu and was pleasantly surprised by the light but still rich flavors. Our dinner guests also seemed to enjoy their choices as well. \u000a\u000aOverall, I would definitely recommend Pino's for a nice, romantic date night out in Point Breeze. However, I wish they offered the 3 course menu as a regular feature.
p1922
aVI grew up just the street from Pino's and my family were probably its most regular customers -- we got take-out at least once or twice a week for many many years, and always enjoyed the pizza and hot subs. I've just been back for the first time in 6 years after moving away, and was pretty unimpressed... The decor looks nice, but the food was wayyyyy overpriced for what it was. $22 dollars for a plate of pasta, really? It claimed to be "fresh pasta," but it was completely tough and chewy (not "al dente," just undercooked), and not very large. I'm not sure when the restaurant changed, but I think it really missed the mark... People WANT a casual, friendly, affordable neighborhood place that they can bring the kids to. Why take that away?
p1923
aVNew fall items on the menu--their grilled romaine salad is fabulous!
p1924
aVWent here with a gift card from the restaurant week photo competition. \u000a\u000aWe were one of two tables there and a bunch of staff showing up during the meal. \u000a\u000aOur waitress was good, but that couldn't save the food.\u000a\u000aThe meal started out with some what I guess used to be foccacia.  I say used to be because it no longer represented anything other than long pieces of brick or bark very stale and tasteless.\u000a\u000aWe ordered the vegetable board which was probably the best thing we ordered with light and bright vegetables perfectly cooked and paired with two delicious sauces. \u000a\u000aThen we ordered the octopus which was fine, but very cold and the octopus had little to no flavor, being overwhelmed by the citrus in the dish. \u000a\u000aThe tuscan wings were ok, but they were really ordered for my husband who seemed to enjoy them. \u000a\u000aFinally the diver scallops.  This dish was indeible.  The scallops were very overcooked and the pea puree was so minty I was unable to eat it. We sent it back and they did take off half of the price (weren't expecting anything just didn't want to eat it). \u000a\u000aAfter that we decided against dessert and left.  I probably will not return.
p1925
aVI struggle with this review. I wish I could give it a 4, but I really can't hate on it like everyone else. Their wait staff has always been super attentive and friendly, and their happy hours are great! But, a lot of their entrees are a little meh for me, especially for the price. Stick to happy hour for wine/cheese platters, and enjoy a nice summer evening here.
p1926
aVThe fresh-baked bread and sun-dried tomato puree is outstanding. We started with the crab cakes, which was one of the lightest I've had. I could eat a vat of the lemon aioli itself. We followed with veal and ricotta meatballs that were perfectly cooked. We finished with their Italian fries. I would order these every single time now that I've had them once. Twice cooked, herbs, garlic confit, basil aioli--every single element of the dish is fantastic.\u000a\u000aIf you plan on visiting, then make sure you have some time to really take in the drink list and menu. There are always a handful of new, recommended wines to try and a signature cocktail of the week (which, might I add, is usually extremely fun and concocted with unique ingredients). I am impressed with the cleanliness, decor, and ambiance of the restaurant. I love the feel when the French doors are completely open. \u000a\u000aI also enjoyed our bartender, Eamonn, who was funny, polite, and attentive. He is also a master of not only creating fresh, new, tasty cocktails but, simply, understands the right way to mix and serve a drink.\u000a\u000aOverall, I would love to keep Pino's as our little secret but would urge you to try it too!
p1927
aVMy husband and I celebrated our one year wedding anniversary this past weekend and since we recently have moved into a new area of town, we made reservations here because word on the street was that it was good. Verdict? It was so-so. We had reservations at 7:15 and were seated promptly, which was fine, except we were seated OUTSIDE! Listen folks, it's COLD when the sun goes down. They have three tables set outside, I guess trying to squeeze out some more business. Our server was nice, but not attentive at all.  We were left waiting for things for 10-20 minutes at a time. Also, because we were sitting on the sidewalk, people and animals and cars kept sweeping by us. It took the waiter three tries to get our meal order because he had to keep stepping out of the way of people walking down the street. Wine was good. Food was ehhhhhh. We had the mussel and clam appetizer and when it came out, about 1/2 of the order was not edible and all the innards had fallen into the sauce, which by the way smelled like stinky cheese. My dinner and my husbands dinner was good, no real complaints there. Espresso and a S'more cupcake for dessert and I grand total of $134 later before tip? Definitely not worth it at all.  The best part of the night? Leaving. The worst part of the night? Associating this place with my anniversary.
p1928
aVStopped in without a reservation around 7 pm. I ordered the house soup. It was very yummy. The soup was a tomato based soup with noodles and chick peas. I also tried the sausage flatbread. The flatbread sizing easily fed one. My boyfriend shared with me. The tomato sauce and peppers on it really made the flatbread. \u000a\u000aI really one to come back int the summer when the front windows are opened and enjoy some wine and small dishesa
p1929
aVNice atmosphere with above average food. This restaurant has a lot of potential. The wait staff was far below average: They were slow, and we had to ask multiple times for things. They were not the most polite wait staff, and our waitress was either a little demeaning or very socially awkward.
p1930
aVWe were huge fans of Pinos a few years back before the wine bar concept was adopted. In all honesty, we haven't been back for a year though we kept saying " we have to get to Pinos!" Needless to say, we were disappointed.  The place has changed and not for the better.  It seems in an effort to create a quaint wine bar, Pinos lost sight of the original draw and that was the food.  The menu has been scaled back considerably.  Though the food was adequate, it's not the same.  I came here because the food was amazing and with that no longer being the case, I doubt we will return.  Hopefully, things will change back to how they were.  Customer advice for what it's worth.  Refocus on great italian food not a wine bar concept.   Sometimes a liquor license is not the best investment!!!
p1931
aVThere was absolutely nothing not to like.  Reasonably priced wines, home style Italian cooking. Great upbeat ambience.
p1932
aVSmall portions. Over priced food. Very small menu (dinner). Was OK, but disappointing overall.
p1933
aVI went to Pino's with my three other friends for Restaurant Week and was underwhelmed and completely disappointed. We chose an option for each course of  the very limited Restaurant Week menu. I selected the baked eggplant caprese appetizer, Lazy Man lasagna Florentine and then the panna cotta for dessert. \u000a\u000aBaked eggplant caprese: the breaded eggplant was a soggy mess. \u000aLazy Man Lasagna Florentine: it was essentially two huge lasagna noodles sandwiching huge clumps of spinach (I'm talking like a 3-inch high pile of clumped spinach) with a few mushrooms peppered in. The spinach ratio was out of control and I honestly ate a few bites and couldn't even continue. \u000aPanna cotta: this was the most decent of the items we ordered.\u000a\u000aMy friend ordered off the regular menu, which she advised not to do since her food would come out at a different time?? Why? \u000aWe tried my friend's appetizer of the Italian Fries, which are described on the menu as sounding very similar to the amazing fries at Point Brugge...but it was just a bowl of regular French fries, which were lackluster and misleading. She also got the house soup with chickpeas and it looked like Spaghetti-o's and tasted even worse.\u000a\u000aI don't know where all the positive reviews are coming from. There was not one thing we ate that was impressive in any way. All of it was overpriced and below mediocre. I wasted my money, and I will never, ever go back there.
p1934
aVI live in Connecticut and visit family in Pittsburgh often. Pino's is my favorite Pittsburgh restaurant. \u000a\u000aI don't have one favorite dish because I usually order one of the specials, which change often. I ordered from the regular menu for the first time a couple of weeks ago. The Bolognese sauce on tagliatelle pasta (I think the menu has it on rigatoni) was as good as what I had in Italy. My son had the seafood risotto. It was so good, I need to order it next time.\u000a\u000aMy brother is a retired chef and hates to eat out because few restaurants are worth paying for what he can make better at home. He loved his meal and his tastes of everyone else's at the table (there were 10 of us). He was giddy to enjoy eating out for the first time in in a long time.\u000a\u000aOh, they also make great cocktails and have a very, very nice wine list.\u000a\u000aOh, if you think you can only get good fries and mussels at the Belgium place around the corner, try Pino's. The fries are topped with crispy herbs... yum!\u000a\u000aNo, it isn't cheap. But, I'm happy to pay for quality.
p1935
aVI went to Pino's recently, only to be disappointed by the owner himself. I guess I should have read the reviews on here before going, seeing as a lot of people echo the sentiments that I feel.\u000a\u000aAfter my mother sent back her extremely oversalted steak, the chef came out to "apologize". It was very embarrassing how he chastised her for not enjoying her meal. He then snidely commented, as walking away, that he would "never salt his steak again". I don't really take kindly to people speaking so rudely to my mother. She was very polite about sending it back and certainly didn't deserve any attitude. We had an event to attend, which we were very clear with to our waitress. So when my mother reordered another meal (a salad), which took another twenty minutes, my mom asked for it to be immediately wrapped up. The chef returned, obviously chewing to make a point, and sneered at my mother, announcing her steak that she refused to eat was actually quiet good. Well, I have never felt more embarrassed in a situation. I said he was being rude to my mother, a paying customer. He proceeded to get heated and tell me it was not his job to make people happy (!??!) and that everyone else seemed to enjoy their meal and we just had to get to the inside of the steak to appreciate it. \u000a\u000aThe drama continued when he did not have change for $100 for a $57 bill. Sorry, how can you not have $33 in change?! He ended the night by throwing our bill in a crumbled mess on the floor and walking out. \u000a\u000aOverall, embarrassing. It was an embarrassing situation for anyone to witness. Take heed of the negative comments on this site. I certainly wish I would have.
p1936
aVVery disappointing meal.  After waiting for a half hour, my meal arrived and we were told that my friend's meal would be coming in a few minutes. Very awkward.t.  Salad was average at best.  The beets tasted like canned beets and the chicken was covered with blackish oil from a burnt oil pan.\u000a\u000a  Then, to make matters worse the chef came out to argue with a patron who returned her food.  The chef came out to humiliate the customer explaining that her returned steak was great and himself was enjoying it.  Eating food from a customers plate was a real turn-off....what else does he do when cooking? \u000a\u000aTo make matters worse, when paying the bill, the chef did not have change for a $100 bill for the customer who returned her steak..  It was very uncomfortable watching the elderly customer and her young friend deal with the situation. He kept  loudly requesting a credit card  and the women did not have one.   Another customer provided them with change as the chef crumbled the check. I think I would have just left and not paid....give the lady great for dealing with such a lunatic.\u000a\u000aLong story short....if you want to eat below average food and watch a chef loose it....this is your place!
p1937
aVThis was the place I brought friends visiting from out of town when I wanted to show them the classy Italian  spots in Pittsburgh. After my visit last night, I have no desire to ever go again. \u000a\u000aI don't know the owner, Joe, personally but he has stopped by our table a few times and said "dish looks beautiful." He was always confident in his food which I guess is a good thing if the good is delicious,  which it usually is  \u000a\u000aThe table next to ours had a two women, a mother and daughter. The mother asked the server for a new steak as hers was a bit salty (I've never had the steak as I'm vegetarian but my guests have mentioned the abundance of salt). The server apologizes and returns to the kitchen. The owner comes out and fakes an apology claiming his steaks are perfect. At this point the whole restaurant is listening it's that crazy.  The  best part? He comes out again and says "I really enjoyed the steak you sent back." He was eating the steak and had some in his mouth! I can't make stuff like this up!\u000aAt this point the whole place feels bad for the mother and daughter. Clearly an awkward situation. The owner got so nasty the daughter tried to reason with him and he said "it's not my job to make people happy" that's strange considering he wants our business. \u000aSo the mother tries to pay the bill with a $100 and leave but he said they can't make change. Eventually another customer helps make change and they leave.\u000a\u000aI couldn't finish my dinner I was so mad.  Maybe Joe was having a bad day but there is no excuse for how he treated those customers.  Sorry, we will never step foot in here again.
p1938
aVIf you don't like your food... do not send it back to the kitchen... The "Chef" will come out and scream at you... Stay away from this place.
p1939
aVI have been going to Pino's for several years with my family so I feel well qualified to give a balanced review rather than basing it on a single experience, good or bad. Every restaurant can have a bad day. And even the worst places can please some customers every now and then. \u000a\u000aWhat you get at Pino's is great service and excellent food. If your idea of Italian is the Olive Garden, you are in for an education and a treat. This is the real deal. We have a family of picky eaters including a full blown celiac and we all love it.\u000a\u000aYes, over the years I have twice seen owner/chef Joe unhappy with unhappy customers. In one case the customer was arrogant and offensive. On the other occasion, Joe should have swallowed his pride if only to avoid the coordinated revenge reviews that followed.
p1940
aVPinos offers an unhappy marriage of good food at bad prices.  The food is tasty but not transcendent.  The prices in the high $20's for most of the entrees are not justified by the quality, location, or portions.  The food is essentially slightly hipper Olive Garden fare at double the prices.\u000a\u000aFor dinner entrees you can get more for your money elsewhere.  But it's not all bad.  The atmosphere is pleasant and the service was excellent.  I had a good time and I'd happily go back for appetizers (most are $8-10).\u000a\u000aPino's is frequented by a large rambunctious flock of malbec massacring 40-50 year old women.  My friend and I were the only males there.  If cougar hunting is your sport of choice, you'll feel right at home in Pino's jungle safari!
p1941
aVI had read some mixed reviews but I honestly don't understand the negative feedback. This was our first time and we found street parking right around the corner. We made the 7:00 reservations only 2 days in advance and the place was about half full when we got there and very full by 8:00 with some folks eating at the bar. We were seated within minutes at a great table near the front window. It was nice and private so we could talk with our friends. Water and bread was on the table within minutes with drinks shortly behind. we ordered the beans and green and italian fries as appetizers, The beans and greens were good but I've had better, The italian fries, which seemed to be fries with flash fried kale and garlic with a pesto mayo were unbelievably good. I had the Del Sol pasta and it was very flavorful, though a little salty. The chicken was very moist and the sauce was very good. My husband had the cacciatore special and said the chicken was very good but they sauce could have been a bit more flavorful. The service was very good the entire night, I would like to go back, and try the pizza or flat bread.
p1942
aVProbably one of the worst places I have been to recently. I have had pasta come out of the freezer that was better prepared. $70 for a mushy rigatoni chicken dish and 2 glasses of wine (incl 20% gratuity.) service was very poor - on our table of 5 server couldn't remember what anyone had for drinks or dinner ever. You need to write down something on your pad like woman in blue del sol/cab sauv to help you, that's fine but don't come back all clueless like you had never heard us order. I won't be going back.  Seating was also poor, I had reservations and walked in before a large party, who was seated before me. Meaning I arrived at the hostess station first, and they took the party behind me before asking me my name. I was not the first, nor the last, to arrive for my party and reservation was in my name.
p1943
aVPino's is an mid-level Italian place with a charming neighborhood atmosphere. The prices aren't the cheapest, but for what it is Pino's delivers small plates and dinners that are satisfying without breaking the bank. The lamb bolognese is one of my personal favorites, as well as pretty much any of the appetizers. I also love the creative cocktail list and the half price bottles of wine for happy hour. There are few places in Pittsburgh that can get me as excited about cocktails as Pino's. My roommate and I have come here with friends and sat at the bar for hours eating and drinking a variety of delightful things. In short, they do drinks and food quite well for the price. \u000a\u000aThe reason Pino's only gets three stars is the unfortunate inconsistency with service I've encountered. I get treated differently depending on who I come in with, and that's unprofessional. If I'm with my roommate and one of my friends (both of whom work nearby) we all get seated quickly and treated extremely well. In short, it feels like my presence is valued. When I've come to Pino's with people who aren't in with the owners though, I've had a thoroughly lackluster experience. Once I came on my birthday with my boyfriend and frankly was let down. We waited awkwardly for a very long time to be seated even though there were empty tables and in general had a very impersonal experience. I felt embarrassed having spoken so highly of Pino's to him beforehand. I know I'll be back for the occasional happy hour or small dinner, but Pino's isn't somewhere I would take anyone I wanted to impress due to the problematic service.
p1944
aVI normally love Pinos. I'm a member of their Diners  Club, live 2 blocks away and often walk there with my dog and eat outside. They are very dog friendly. However, this evening I sat at the bar planing to order wine and dinner. While the bartender did give me a wine list, she then proceeded to ignore me, more interested in chatting it up with the couple at the end of the bar. After 5 minutes, I left. I thought the days of ignoring and disrespecting solo female diners were behind us. I went to Park Brugge where the service at the bar with Amanda is always top notch!
p1945
aVI went with ladies of Dine & Dish to Pino's in January. It was good, solid food.  It is located in the quaint neighborhood of Point Breeze. The service was a bit lacking but it got the job done.
p1946
aVWe had dinner and drinks tonight and it was great as usual. We have been here often, with couples, with family, and for a large family event. Service and food have always been top notch.
p1947
aVGreat neighborhood spot. The staff is attentive and friendly. The food is awesome and the ambiance is perfect. \u000a\u000aWe had a great experience here. The mussels were flavorful and my steak main course was perfect. \u000a\u000aI totally recommend Pino's.
p1948
aVOne of my favorite places to eat while in Pittsburgh. If your in the shady side area or Bakery Square area this is one of the place you need to check out. Great service..great food..great people.
p1949
aVGREAT neighborhood restaurant, with charming atmosphere and awesome food!\u000aOnly possible complaint could be that the Lamb Bolognese serving was a little skimpy..\u000abut that's because it was perfection!
p1950
aVSome nice wine and good appetizers.  The main courses are quite pricey.
p1951
aVWent for a quick dinner tonight and couldn't be happier.  I had the tuna and my son had the Carbonara pasta.  Both were excellent.  I love the neighborhood atmosphere.  The meals are pricey but very good.
p1952
aVThe food was good. The pasta is made fresh. The ambiance wasn't very cozy. Even though you are packed together and the tables are small, it really didn't match the menu which is Primarily Italian. Our server was busy when we first got there so we waited patiently. However, as the dinner went on and it was only us and 2 other tables, she didn't clean off the table once, refill our drinks, got an order wrong (it drives me nuts when servers don't write orders down on paper). Again the food was delicious but everything else didn't fit.
p1953
aVI am so glad my daughter, aunt and myself  took a chance and tried this restaurant. Liz the waitress was so helpful and friendly. We had great wine and delicious meals. It was also a nice touch that the Chef came to our table to meet and greet. If you love homemade pasta, you will love this restaurant. We will definitely be back!
p1954
aVWould definitely come back! Was very impressed by the menu choices. Came here for restaurant week. I enjoyed every last bit of each course. It's definitely pricey, but I'd say well worth it! Staff was attentive and food came out at a reasonable time (I read previous reviews that said they waited, I did not have this experience). Was very pleased and will be back!
p1955
aVMy wife and I very much enjoyed our meal and the service. I had the Carbonara and my wife had the Chicken Scaloppini. Both very good and large servings.
p1956
aVStopped here for a quick drink and a bite to eat after spending the day at the Frick. The staff was VERY hospitable to my dog and got him water! Could have been more attentive to the outside tables but Great food and a cute place overall. Would definitely recommend. Oh, and try the tiramisu!
p1957
aVPaul is a classic Old World barber. He's a one-man operation and has been in the neighborhood for decades. Older guys will come around and sometimes shoot the breeze speaking in Italian. He often remembers details about your family from stories you share from year to year--a real personal touch. Paul charges about $12 (plus tip) for a regular men's haircut, making him a great bargain compared with the competition.
p1958
aVPaul is a very friendly chap who takes his time with the haircut...it's a steal for $12 and feels good to go down a notch and slow life down for half an hour...
p1959
aVCan't recommend this barber highly enough.  I was in town, and walked over here.  I realized that they only take cash, but Paul Pirollo just says 'don't worry about it, bring it later'.  There were two guys waiting ahead of me.  It took a while because he does such a good job.  He was familiar with both men, and very friendly.  When he cut my hair, he took his time, and asked my opinion in a considerate way.  He detailed the edges of my hair with hot foam and a straight razor, and used some sort of eucalyptus-smelling post shave ointment. In talking to him I found out that he has been in this location for 53 years.  In all those years he has gotten damn good at his job. I told him 'I'll be right back with the money' and he said 'don't worry about it' come back with it any day'.  I did come right back with it, and gave him a $4 tip on a haircut that cost $15, but he really deserved more for this million-dollar haircut.
p1960
aVThis is perhaps the best mechanic shop in Pittsburgh.  It is ran by two brothers and may not look like much but they offer excellent service, honest work and great pricing.  Recently I brought my truck in after another shop said I needed a litany of repairs.  At Bruno's they did only the necessary work and even fixed the ignition switch which had worn out and only charged me for the part.  These guys are great, but they are usually backed up with work so you may have to schedule in advance.
p1961
aVBruno's is by far the best garage I've ever taken my car to, either here in Pittsburgh or in Los Angeles where I used to live. I drive a 2000 Saab, so believe me, I have A LOT of experience getting my car repaired. The two brothers who own Bruno's are great. They are very knowledgeable, they're very willing to help you and, above all, they're honest, which I've found is a  rare commodity when it comes to mechanics. I cannot possibly recommend Bruno's highly enough.
p1962
aVAbsolutely amazing guys here! We were in Pittsburgh visiting my family and the driver's seatbelt stopped working. Day after Thanksgiving and these guys got us in despite obviously being incredibly busy.  It turns out that a piece of plastic had gotten stuck in the buckle. Now we are able to drive home. Thanks!!!!!
p1963
aVAbsolutely amazing people!  Not just at fixing cars, but also as people. \u000a\u000aWe had lived in Pittsburgh for about 22 years prior to moving here, and always relied on Mike and Greg to fix our cars!  We have recently moved out of Pittsburgh and miss them.  In particular when my daughter called recently and mentioned that her brakes were making some sound, I told her that if we were still in Pittsburgh I would have simply dropped off the car there and they would have taken care of it!\u000a\u000aThey generally have a backlog, so you do need to schedule appointments ahead of time.  But there were quite a few times when I had unexpected problems, and they did their best to accommodate me.\u000a\u000aThanks to both of you!
p1964
aVIt is the best mechanic shop I have been to in Pittsburgh.  I went there every year for inspections and every time my car had a problem.  Absolutely excellent service!! The most valuable things that I have found about this shop is the honesty and great price, as other people mentioned in their reviews.  The brothers who work there are very nice and honest. They are always ready to help.  There are a couple of times when it was just a tiny problem with my car, they fixed my car without charging me, and even refused to take my tip.  They always explained to me what problem my car had, gave me recommendations, and found the least costly way to fix it.  The only thing I wish they could've done better is setting up voicemail function for their phone, as the phone doesn't work sometimes. However, they are always in the shop from Monday to Friday when I drop by, even after I get off work at night around 5.   It's not easy to find trustworthy mechanics. I feel pretty lucky.  Definitely recommend to those who are looking for a good mechanic shop in Pittsburgh.
p1965
aVOne of my best experience ever. They are dedicated and helpful. The shop is quite small but amazing service can be provided. 10/10.
p1966
aVGary Senge is the best. He is honest, reliable and an excellent body shop man. When he says he will have the car ready, he will. Our family has been dealing with him for 20 years.
p1967
aVI have used Senge for the past 20 years, for both company and personal vehicles.  The service was always excellent, the prices were always fair, and - most important - was NEVER lied to or given any BS.  If they couldn't do something (rarely), they told me. If there was going to be a delay, they told me.  \u000a\u000aEXCELLENT SERVICE, FAIR PRICES, AND NO BS.  WHAT MORE CAN YOU WANT?
p1968
aVThe guys at Senge are quick, efficient, and cheap. My brother used to work with them, yet I get the same straightforward, no-bs service from them on the days they realize or don't. \u000a\u000aFair prices and they keep you up to date with how long they need.
p1969
aVBroad way is the only place I take my car on the East End. Customer service is through the roof, and I never have any doubt that they do things right and efficiently. They will let me know if something might need fixed in the near future, but have never put pressure on me to pay for more than is immediately necessary. They are good at explaining what is wrong, and don't use the scare tactic that other garages use (using big words and jargon to confuse you into buying more service).  I trust these guys!
p1970
aVI've taken my car to various garages in Pittsburgh throughout the year.  Most of the one's that have 5 stars generally fell short of my expectation except for Broadway Auto.  This garage is by far the most honest, friendly, affordable, fast and trustworthy.  Historically I would end up taking it to Pep Boys because they were cheapest.  I initially went to Bway to cross confirm whether my rear brakes needed to be changed as per Pep Boys.  Bway said everything was fine front and rear and just charged me for inspection.  I felt that showed integrity as plenty of other garages could have changed it out and made money on my lack of knowledge.  It's nice to support a local business that deserves it.
p1971
aVDanny, is a class act. I've met his father before I met Danny, the son. His dad and myself had a saying, my pride and joy. Damn I was like 27 at the time. Then his dad pulled out a card that said pride and joy. I'm now 47 and still take my cars here from time to time. Damn time flies when you're having fun....get 5% off. Tell them Shakim sent you or show them this ad
p1972
aVI love Big Burrito.  They catered my wedding and were fantastic.  Caroline was our main contact.  She really listened to what we wanted, worked within our price range, and had great ideas.  She returned phone calls promptly and communicated well with all of our vendors.  The wait staff provided impeccable service.  The food looked and tasted great. Need I say more? We still stay in touch even after my wedding is over!
p1973
aVThey catered our wedding, and the food was exceptional--an uncommonly well executed catered meal, and they worked with us extensively to create a seasonal menu in Pittsburgh in the winter, no small feat. The service at the event was terrific as well.\u000a\u000aSome of the communication leading up to the event left a bit more to be desired. There was a fair bit of unnecessary back and forth, extra work for us in the final days because they missed things or told us one thing and told the venue another, having to ask the same question several times to get an answer, small details that were off at the event... Still five stars, however; the food and the day-of service were that good.
p1974
aVBig burrito catered my wedding; I can't say enough good things. Amanda  was our contact and she always available. Everyone commented on our wedding food being the best they have ever had. I would recommend to everyone!!
p1975
aVThese guys do everything by the book.\u000aI had lapsed in my PenDot stickers and registration, and they helped me get that together (they won't work on your car if it's registration isn't valid).\u000a\u000aThey told me my 2004 Toyota would need new wipers to pass safety inspection. They had me, but the cost was reasonable.
p1976
aVBastone offered me a fair price for the work they did.  I took it there to get a second opinion and despite the fact that they have a sign saying they charge for check-ups, it was free.  They quickly got back to me telling me what had to be done and what they recommended giving detailed reasoning behind it.\u000a\u000aAt no point did I feel like they were trying to cheat me or up-sell me.  And they were the cheapest place I checked out.
p1977
aVThe best, most honest and reliable car guys in the Burgh. I lived in Pittsburgh for eight years and still have family there. I drive in from out of state so these guys can do work for me.
p1978
aVGreat service. I had my tail light replaced and had it bought online. Other places said that they wouldn't install something that wasn't bought at their place. Bastone finished the work very quickly and did a great job. Great service and value.
p1979
aVHad very bad experience with this auto-shop. My car's engine stalls at idle and coolant temperature is not right. When make turns, there is noise from front wheel. This garage took more than a week to diagnose my car and gave me a ~1900$ bill for repair of a lot of un-related stuff. And they didn't even check the cooling system until I ask them to do. Then they insisted nothing wrong with cooling system other than a loose clamp, which is not loose at all. And they claim all my car's problems will be fixed. They took another week to finish the job and the next morning after I got my car, my engine stalls twice within 20 minutes, coolant temperature is still wrong and front wheel noise is still there. Sent my car back and they said another 500$ to replace several sensors will fix the problems, which is non-sense. I will never trust them anymore and nether should you. They only trick you to do repairs you don't need and never fix a real problem.
p1980
aVDefinitely overpriced for what they offered.  Took my car in to check my AC, they didn't get back to me for the whole day, and decided to fix whatever the problem was without asking me and charging me an insane about (approximately $150 more than most places).  Definitely will not go back there again.
p1981
aVI was passing through Pittsburgh and discovered a headlight was out.  I found Bastone through Yelp and drove over.  \u000a\u000aThey fixed the light on the spot charging me $12.  First impressions are great - very clean repair shop and the service for this minor repair was done in a friendly and welcoming manner.
p1982
aVI have taken my cars to Bastone's for years and would highly recommend them.  Always friendly, always courteous, never trying to sell me on unnecessary work.   I really appreciate their honesty and their help in keeping my old car working and on the road.
p1983
aVBastone is the best auto service I have found in the US.  I have trusted my car to them for all the years I have been in Pittsburgh and I do not plan on changing them.  They are very professional, logical prices, and they make everything possible to meet your time schedule if you ask them for.  They even give some perks for "loyalty" customers (e.g., free oil change for every 6 oil changes you do there - of course this means every 2.5-3 years but still).  The also have a shuttle to drop you off (I have never used it but I have seen other people using it).  However, because they are so good they are very busy too, so make an appointment ahead of time.  They are also not open during weekends.
p1984
aVLove this place, really nice people willing to help and pretty decent prices..
p1985
aVBastone was able to get my car into the shop the very day I was out looking to get my car repaired. Carl, the man who assisted me, was very friendly, addressed all my concerns, and called me with an estimate before doing work (front end and alignment). Compared to the horror stories you can read online, their prices are very reasonable. I picked up my car a few hours later and the steering is tight, dead-center, and hasn't felt this good to drive since I bought it. I will definitely be returning if any other problem with my car arises. Nice work guys.
p1986
aVPerfect place! I needed help today and they helped me....no charge...just asked me to do something nice for somebody else today!
p1987
aVThe guys at Bastone are great. Everyone is friendly and knowledgable. We've brought our car in several times for both regular service and repairs and they always work quickly and provide a solution at a reasonable price. They're always very patient when we ask lots of questions. Our car has never been in better shape thanks to Bastone.
p1988
aVI quickly needed a car inspection and called around. Bastone picked up and was able to fit me in within the week. I dropped off the car early in the morning ~8:30am and got a call around 11:30 to pick it up!! Good timing as I had run my errands nearby and sat down at a coffee shop to get some work done.  Great service and friendly folks.
p1989
aVI came here for a state safety inspection. They were able to fit me in the same day without an appointment, which was nice because I was working from home with a cold that day, so it was convenient.\u000a\u000aThe shop office is a little dated with floor to ceiling wood paneling - but in some weird way, I really liked it. All over were posted old photographs of family, friends, etc, and I could tell there were a lot of memories and history in this place.\u000a\u000aThe inspection went fine, they didn't try to sell anything unnecessary to me, and I was given the same price I was told. Unfortunately, no experience actually getting my car repaired here, but based on this experience, I'd be happy to give them a try.
p1990
aVCarl, and Bob were very helpful with the inspection and repairs on my 2010 BMW 5 series. Their pricing was extremely fair and reasonable. They were honest and trustworthy in the handling of the repairs.  Its a modest little shop conveniently located. They got me in and out quickly and efficently.  I was pleasantly surprised at how quickly they were able to handle the inspection and repairs so that I wasn't without my vehicle for more than a day. Their hours could be a little longer for pickup, but worth the trade-off in getting a good value, and great service. Drop-off after hours was easy with a drop box for keys. I would recommend to others, and will certainly go back for service in the future.
p1991
aVHonest and helpful mechanics. I've had my car inspected here multiple times, had a few problems fixed, and recommended coworkers to come here. Never have had an issue -- in fact, when another mechanic was trying to rip off a coworker, I recommended he come here instead, and they fixed his car issues for much less.
p1992
aVThis Giant Eagle truly is giant!  And believe me, that's about all it has going for it!  You would think that this means you can find what you want, and generally you can, but it also means enormous crowds, no matter when you shop here.\u000a\u000aYou know that a trip to a large, "one size fits all" chain grocery store like this is not quite the same as shopping at Macy's or Boscov's.  You know that it's pretty hard to give a place like this five stars.  Its purpose is purely utilitarian.  But good gravy, you'd think that a place like this could handle large crowds.  It shouldn't take you a half-hour just to get one item.  \u000a\u000aThat's what happened to me yesterday.  I would have been better off going to Cogo's or 7-11.  I might have paid a bit more, but I would have been in-and-out in under five minutes.  I prefer the Giant Eagle in Squirrel Hill.
p1993
aVI have to agree that this is one of the poor examples that Giant Eagle has.  Granted, it has the basics you need, and is 1 of the biggest in the city itself.  Finding things takes work.  My big gripe is that it has one of the weirdest and most illogical layouts that I've seen.  It actually takes time to find what you need as compared to most stores where once you are in there a few times, you easily find everything.  Parts of this store are diagonal and that causes you to go in every direction possible.  Here is a quick summary of the setup as it can be classified as a maze:\u000a\u000a1.) When you enter the store through the slow wide door, you go to the left and walk past the front registers to produce.  Normal enough.\u000a\u000a2.) From produce in front of you (a quasi L-shaped department), you take a quick left and go diagonally to the right to walk past the pharmacy.  Take a hard right down aisle 1 and then you hit the bakery.   \u000a\u000a3.)  From the bakery, you walk along a long meat wall.  Diagonally to the left, you'll find the service meat/seafood counters. And because how the wall goes diagonal to the left, the sign for Aisle 9 is facing diagonally to the right so you don't miss it because the 1 side is longer towards the back than the other. (Aisles 9-14 are almost twice as long as 1-8).\u000a\u000a4.) From meat, you have frozen straight back on a long back wall in its own cove.  A hard right (if you bypass frozen) brings you last to hot foods, the deli, and then facing in front of you, the Customer Service desk which is tucked away in a corner (not really visible when you walk in the store).\u000a\u000a5.) Once you pass the deli and customer service, take a hard right, then to the left (almost a U-turn) to the checkouts, and then you take a hard left to leave.\u000a\u000aMost of the other Giant Eagle stores are much more logical in how their aisles and deparment locations are set up.   You're not going every which way to try and find things.\u000a\u000aAlso, the service isn't that great as one of the other reviews said.  Given that, I would take Market District on Centre Ave or GE on Murray Ave over this store.\u000a\u000aHowever, for those who remember the Giant Eagle on Centre Ave at N. Craig St, nothing beats how BAD that store was.  There is a reason that store was nicknamed "the dirty bird."  Compared to that North Oakland store that closed several years ago, Shakespeare St GE is light years ahead.
p1994
aVI am emotionally attached to this place.This place has given me food and given me a place to go to early morning's when all the clubs are closed.:)\u000a   The night starts by saying-"It's Party Time" and eventually ends at Giant Eagle at times.Three cheers for Giant Eagle!!! \u000a   Now,i have to cheat on you,by going to Ralphs in West Coast.Sigh...\u000aOh,that became more of a letter to Giant Eagle(Giggles).For the note,its a huge Grocery store,and it's close to CMU and Upitt.\u000a\u000a-Smriti
p1995
aVI cannot in my life understand why this Giant Eagle, of all the Giant Eagles, would get a five star rating.  From the moment you walk into here it's like someone has hit you on the head very hard and you walk around in a confused state the rest of the time you're in there.\u000a\u000aThe set up is ridiculous.  I mean, who wants to walk around in the freezer section and then go through a smaller than usual end of the aisle to see, SURPRISE, the meat section hidden off in an area where they could have knocked down the wall so you didn't have to do a little dance to get to it.  Aisles seem extra long in this store, you can tell that they worked with the space they had.  It's like when you are half way through the aisle and realize it's too late to turn around because it's the same distance to the end as it was to the beginning of the aisle, but you kind of just want to give up and sit on the floor because you feel like you've been walking forever.  \u000a\u000aHonestly, I only went here because I was at Target and didn't want to venture any further to complete my shopping.
p1996
aVI prefer this store to the Market District on Centre. It's just as overpriced and poorly laid out and maybe a bit grimy, but carries less products to sift through when you just need to grab some simple things, hopefully not produce. Parking is easy and you can hit up the unpretentious Wine and Spirits in the same stop. I think this plaza still exists to prevent impoverished people from venturing into the other newer fancier stores which are a mere half mile away and designed to appeal to people who think they are cultured and discerning.
p1997
aVBeen yelled at by other customers (today for instance)...place is super ghetto...avoid at all cost. Today, left a full cart bacause a woman (with a baby in a stoller) shouted at me for "cutting in line". Will never go back. At night it is a nightmare.
p1998
aVThis Giant Eagle is a perfect one to go to. They have a great selection of prepared food and more options to choose from. It is in a safe location and I can easily hop on the bus to go there. The only thing I don't like about this Giant Eagle is everything in Giant Eagle is outrageously expensive.
p1999
aVI been going to this place since the 90s and this place is the MIDDLE CLASS GE. I stopped going to this place since I got a job at whole foods. My mom went here a two weeks ago for the first tine in a long time she say that the people are still there and the place looks better and the people are a lot friendly now. \u000aSo if you don't what too shop at a Middle Class food store in East Liberty then go to The Market in Shadyside.
p2000
a.